                                                                                                                                                          Equity Research
                                                                                                                                            7 July 2026 | 11:03PM EDT

                                                      AMERICAS TECHNOLOGY: INTERNET

                                                      US Digital Ad Q2’26 Preview: Analyzing the Industry Debates & Framing
                                                      the Operating Environment


                                                  Ahead of Q2 2026 earnings, we frame the current operating environment and key             Eric Sheridan
                                                                                                                                            +1(917)343-8683 |
                                                  investor debates for the digital advertising sub-sector. Key highlights (based on our     eric.sheridan@gs.com
                                                                                                                                            Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
                                                  industry work/channel checks and company conversations) include:
                                                                                                                                            Alex Vegliante, CFA
                                                                                                                                            +1(212)934-1878 |
                                                  n   Dynamic month-to-month performance across Q2 with early quarter trends                alex.vegliante@gs.com
                                                                                                                                            Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
                                                      (late April & through May) being more muted but with a renewed positive bent to
                                                                                                                                            Aarshiya Sachdeva
                                                      ad spend in June (especially for key industry verticals such as commerce and          +1(212)855-6184 |
                                                                                                                                            aarshiya.sachdeva@gs.com
                                                      travel). This level of month-to-month volatility was higher than typical, with        Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                      several potential drivers being cited in our industry conversations (consumer         Emma Huang
                                                                                                                                            +1(212)902-7229 |
                                                      spending, oil prices, improving events calendar into summer, etc.) but no one         emma.huang@gs.com
                                                                                                                                            Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
                                                      linear narrative emerging.
                                                  n   Direct response (bottom of the funnel) advertising trends continued to be the
                                                      strongest driver of industry growth as more ad budgets continue to seek out
                                                      measurable and attributable returns on ad spend. More specifically, DR strength
                                                      was led by healthy auction dynamics, robust pricing per ad impression & stable
                                                      end demand trends across key verticals (consumer/retail, travel, gaming & the
                                                      app economy).
                                                  n   In contrast, the overall brand advertising environment remains more muted
                                                      (despite entering a period of easier YoY comps). While the FIFA World Cup event
                                                      (beginning in mid-June) drove some renewed brand advertising strength,




                                                                                                                                                                            455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                      visibility into whether this strength will continue post-event (ending in mid-July)
                                                      remains limited – we look to how brand advertising trends evolve in Q3 & beyond
                                                      for a better read on the sustainability of this recovery.
                                                  n   A positive events calendar (FIFA World Cup, US midterm elections, etc.) is
                                                      supportive of a strong ad industry year into 2H26.
                                                  n   This sums up to the majority of our coverage likely positioned to produce
                                                      revenue near the higher end of any provided forward guidance and ~inline to
                                                      slightly exceeding GS/Visible Alpha Street forecasts (with more positive exit
                                                      rates/improving trends into Q3 vs. Q2 reported figures). Against this backdrop,
                                                      we would expect management commentary on Q2 performance/Q3 outlook to
                                                      be cautiously optimistic, with some caveats around the geopolitical and
                                                      macroeconomic environments.



                                                  Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors
                                                  should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report.
                                                  Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC
                                                  certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to
                                                  www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research
                                                  analysts with FINRA in the U.S.
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                  n   We continue to highlight platforms/channels with the most operating momentum
                                                                      being those that are best positioned across scale, programmatic solutions and
                                                                      AI/ML-driven automation.

                                                                  While we make minimal changes to our forward operating estimates from a digital
                                                                  advertising industry framing. That said, we do take this opportunity to address our
                                                                  forward estimates for Alphabet and Meta in relation to the capex needs of scaling AI-led
                                                                  compute. Against a current environment where AI demand continues to far outrun
                                                                  available compute supply (with constraints likely now stretching well into 2H 2027), we
                                                                  raise our capex forecasts for both companies (in addition to AMZN in a separate
                                                                  companion note – link) – specifically:

                                                                  n   GOOGL – We raise our total company capex estimates and now expect the company
                                                                      to spend a cumulative ~$790bn between 2026-2028. At the same time, we raise our
                                                                      Google Cloud segment revenue (now forecasting a ~64% 3-year CAGR through
                                                                      2028) and operating income estimates (assuming incremental margins of ~40-45%)
                                                                      to reflect greater optimism around the company executing against its current
                                                                      reported backlog (which nearly doubled sequentially in Q1 reported). Our new




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                      estimates imply a ~stable return on invested capital.
                                                                  n   META – We raise our total company capex estimates and now expect META to spend
                                                                      a cumulative ~$534bn between 2026-2028. While we make no changes to our
                                                                      forward revenue estimates, we continue to see META as well positioned to monetize
                                                                      this compute buildout through a combination of core advertising & platform
                                                                      improvements and, longer-term, optionality around new potential product and
                                                                      monetization opportunities around AI (agentic commerce, enterprise/SMB & creator
                                                                      tools, etc.).

                                                                  Regarding recent press reports and management commentary (link | link) indicating that
                                                                  META is exploring additional avenues to monetizing underutilized compute in future
                                                                  periods, we make a few points:




                                                                                                                                                               455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  n   In no way do we view these reports as evidence that the company is pulling back on
                                                                      AI development or is less committed to broader AGI/super intelligence efforts -
                                                                      management has remained consistent in its view that AI represents a generational
                                                                      computing shift and we see it as unlikely that the company would concede their
                                                                      potential role in such a shift across both consumer and SMB AI.
                                                                  n   We see any monetization of excess compute as likely a short term/temporary
                                                                      measure (similar to recent deals struck by SpaceX – link), being opportunistic around
                                                                      any mismatch in timing between a company’s current efforts/utilization and industry
                                                                      supply/demand dynamics.
                                                                  n   Recent announcements that META is renting additional compute capacity from third
                                                                      party cloud providers (Alphabet, neoclouds, etc.) starting in 2H26 continue to point
                                                                      to Meta remaining focused on utilizing compute for internal use cases (and bridging
                                                                      a gap until first-party compute can be built out and deployed) rather than reselling
                                                                      raw compute capacity. We remain of the view that the returns that Meta is getting on
                                                                      internal deployment of compute (towards its core business) is underappreciated by
                                                                      investors.


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                              2
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                 Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                  n   Longer-term, we would need to see greater evidence of both a large amount of
                                                                      excess available compute and an evolved go-to-market strategy in order to
                                                                      characterize Meta as a more complete and structurally-advantaged competitor to
                                                                      the existing hyperscaler cloud companies.

                                                                  Stock Recommendations - We remain selectively constructive in our views across the
                                                                  digital advertising sub-sector with a preference for either (a) larger cap names that have
                                                                  already scaled to encompass multiple key secular growth themes across industry trends;
                                                                  and/or (b) compelling risk/rewards in the SMID cap side of our sub-sector coverage
                                                                  where, across an array of operational outcomes, we see more upside skew in the coming
                                                                  6-12 months. We remain Buy rated on both Meta Platforms (META) and Alphabet
                                                                  (GOOGL) - we detail key themes/debates for both stocks below:

                                                                  n   Meta Platforms (META, Buy, $815 PT) – We continue to see sustained operating
                                                                      momentum in terms of our advertising checks across Q2, which bodes well for its
                                                                      forward growth trajectory. Despite our expectations for continued elevated
                                                                      investment against key long-term opportunities (AI, Reality Labs, etc. – see above
                                                                      capex commentary for details), we see management comments and press reports




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                      around headcount and non-D&A opex rationalization as supportive that Meta is
                                                                      attempting to strike as much balance across forward operating margin trajectory
                                                                      while remain offensively positioned relative to secular growth spend. We continue to
                                                                      see the application of additional compute to the company’s core Family of Apps
                                                                      products as generally underappreciated by investors – that said, we acknowledge
                                                                      that greater visibility into non-Family of Apps spend efforts and into forward
                                                                      platform/product pipeline is needed to build increased levels of investor confidence.
                                                                  n   Alphabet (GOOGL, Buy, $440 PT) – We continue to highlight GOOGL as one of the
                                                                      most positively levered companies to the AI theme in our border coverage universe
                                                                      and well positioned against how both consumer and enterprise computing might
                                                                      shift in the years ahead. Across a series of events in April/May (Google Cloud Next,
                                                                      Google i/o, Marketing Live and YouTube Brandcast), the overall strength and breadth




                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                      of Alphabet’s competitive offerings were on full display. Its recent ~$85b equity raise
                                                                      should also provide the company with a competitive advantage with respect to the
                                                                      technology supply chain, AI spend levels & cost of capital when measured against
                                                                      peers. Across multiple themes, we view Alphabet as having exposure (and, in many
                                                                      cases, outright industry leadership) across multiple AI themes including query
                                                                      volumes and monetization, shifting media habits, cloud computing, foundational
                                                                      model scaling and the rise of physical AI. As discussed above, we continue to see an
                                                                      upward trend in both Google Cloud revenue revisions and an accompanying need to
                                                                      spend additional capex in support of the conversion of their ~$460b revenue
                                                                      backlog (as of Q1).




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                               3
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                 Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                  Exhibit 1: Summary of Ratings & 12-Month Price Targets
                                                                                                           12-Month      Current   % upside /
                                                                        Ticker     Company      Rating
                                                                                                          Price Target    Price    downside
                                                                        GOOGL    Alphabet        Buy        $440.00      $366.46      20%
                                                                         META Meta Platforms     Buy        $815.00      $600.29      36%
                                                                          APP    AppLovin       Neutral     $585.00      $543.79       8%
                                                                         RDDT      Reddit       Neutral     $220.00      $200.86      10%
                                                                           U        Unity       Neutral      $34.00       $29.65      15%
                                                                         PINS    Pinterest       Buy         $28.00       $22.25      26%
                                                                         SNAP       Snap        Neutral       $6.00        $4.75      26%
                                                                         LFTO  Liftoff Mobile    Buy         $40.00       $23.19      72%
                                                                          DV   DoubleVerify     Neutral      $11.00       $11.67      -6%
                                                                         OPRA      Opera         Buy         $25.00       $20.15      24%
                                                                         YELP       Yelp        Neutral      $25.00       $26.34      -5%
                                                                         LIFE      Ethos         Buy         $31.00       $19.42      60%
                                                                         MAX   MediaAlpha       Neutral      $10.00       $14.00     -29%
                                                                         IBTA      Ibotta        Sell        $28.00       $33.00     -15%
                                                                         NXDR    Nextdoor       Neutral       $2.25        $2.30      -2%

                                                                  Pricing as of 7/6/26 close

                                                                  Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM




                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                              4
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                       Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Q2 Digital Ad Checks - Resilient Performance with Improving Trends into Quarter-End

                                                                        As detailed above, approaching the Q2 earnings season our industry channel checks and
                                                                        3rd party data sources point to an overall environment that saw month-to-month
                                                                        volatility over the quarter, seeing a positive bent in June (especially for key industry
                                                                        verticals such as commerce and travel) after more muted early quarter trends (in late
                                                                        April through May).

                                                                        A few more specific themes/narratives emerged from our industry work, which we
                                                                        summarize below:

                                                                         n   Performance by Industry Vertical - We highlight a few takeaways from our
                                                                             advertising industry conversations:
                                                                               o   Retail & eCommerce advertisers continue to deploy marketing dollars against
                                                                                   stable end demand trends – Q2 showed a volatile trend line with some
                                                                                   consumer pressure weakness across the month of May which reversed in June.
                                                                                   Industry competition remained elevated as auction density and pricing trends




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                   were supportive of growth throughout the quarter. Attempts to drive
                                                                                   consumer loyalty and direct traffic efforts (including mobile app usage) and at
                                                                                   the point of conversion also remained a focal point for retail/commerce
                                                                                   advertisers.
                                                                               o   Online Travel had a strong budget trajectory in Q2 with summer travel trends
                                                                                   off to a solid start and idiosyncratic travel to the North America-based FIFA
                                                                                   World Cup producing strong results across a few key large markets hosting the
                                                                                   event. Travel basket sizes (as representative of spend levels) also remained
                                                                                   elevated on the back of overall industry inflation trends and demand at the
                                                                                   upper end of the travel market (mid-tier to luxury hotels and flights). The
                                                                                   industry continues to execute on an ad budget allocation shift toward
                                                                                   new/emerging channels, including experimental performance marketing




                                                                                                                                                                      455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                   channels (LLM agents), social media/digital video & increased efforts around
                                                                                   driving direct traffic (mobile app downloads, brand advertising spend to drive
                                                                                   direct traffic, etc.).
                                                                               o   Autos spend remained stable (inline with QoQ seasonality off a Q1 base)
                                                                                   based on advertiser and agency conversations.
                                                                               o   CPG (household products & food/beverage) showed a mixture of more
                                                                                   stable/muted marketing trends depending much more on idiosyncratic
                                                                                   advertiser behavior (incumbent vs challenger) and perceptions of efficacy of
                                                                                   brand advertising spend. We continue to hear about notable shifts in budgets
                                                                                   across the CPG category toward more performative channels with a broader
                                                                                   de-emphasis of upper funnel brand advertising channels.
                                                                         n   Brand vs. Direct Response – As mentioned above, direct response advertising
                                                                             continued to be the primary driver of digital ad growth as advertisers remain
                                                                             focused on measurable ROI, driving budget allocation toward lower-funnel
                                                                             performance channels. Brand advertising remained weaker than direct response
                                                                             despite entering easier YoY comps.


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                     5
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                  Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                  n   User growth/engagement - User growth & engagement trends remain stable in the
                                                                      US while seeing stronger growth in international markets and overall continuing to
                                                                      surprise to the upside. Short-form video continues to be a driver of incremental
                                                                      engagement. Based on data from SensorTower, we call out Pinterest, Instagram,
                                                                      and Snapchat as seeing notably strong global user growth/engagement trends in
                                                                      Q2.
                                                                  n   Pricing - Based on our channel checks, Q2 pricing trends across the digital
                                                                      advertising landscape overall reflected healthy results, increasing sequentially.


                                                                  Takeaways from Recent Industry Events & Secular Growth Themes in
                                                                  Focus
                                                                  A number of industry-wide and company-specific events held during Q2 gave us key
                                                                  insights into the overall operating environment, competitive landscape and pockets of
                                                                  out/underperformance across digital advertising. Some relevant events that we’d
                                                                  highlight include:




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                  n   At Google I/O, the company’s annual multi-day developer conference (link), GOOGL
                                                                      unveiled a number of new products, including the introduction of both Gemini 3.5
                                                                      Flash and Gemini Spark, which we believe supports the theme that Alphabet is
                                                                      evolving toward a company with an ecosystem of multi modal AI agents across
                                                                      consumer and enterprise use cases. Alphabet is highlighting its strategic focus on
                                                                      both speed & cost-performance/efficiency, which the company is confident should
                                                                      act as a stimulant for larger development/adoption over time. We view this as a
                                                                      savvy approach at a time when overall token consumption & increased inference
                                                                      costs are key themes across enterprises (see our recent deep dive on token
                                                                      consumption here) but will likely remain an outstanding debate until the company
                                                                      can prove its offerings are directly competitive with other leading-edge agentic
                                                                      coding tools.
                                                                      In terms of the evolution of commerce, at Google Marketing Live, Alphabet




                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  n
                                                                      announced updates to Search advertising including AI Max for Search, updates to
                                                                      its commerce ads offerings (with Native Checkout expansion to more ads formats),
                                                                      & Gemini-powered audience targeting through Demand Gen (expanding to Google
                                                                      Maps in addition to YouTube, Gmail & Search). At Google I/O, Alphabet built upon
                                                                      the recent successful launch/adoption of its Universal Commerce Protocol with the
                                                                      announcement of Universal Cart, a conversion/execution engine for commerce. We
                                                                      see this strategy aimed at a) acting as consumer hub to collect scaling consumer
                                                                      frequency of behavior; b) aligning with merchant goals of customer
                                                                      relationships/maintaining being the seller of record; & c) positioning the company to
                                                                      capitalize on the shift toward agentic behavior. The likely output of these efforts
                                                                      over time should be more personalized shopping experiences, easier to establish
                                                                      measurement/attribution with merchants and a reduction of cart abandonment (all
                                                                      of which can be summed as a reduction to the friction of online shopping).
                                                                  n   META announced the rollout of Meta Business Agent at the annual Meta
                                                                      Conversations conference held in London on June 3 (link). The enterprise-focused
                                                                      AI automates end-to-end customer operations, including answering questions,


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                               6
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                      booking appointments, and finalizing sales across WhatsApp, Instagram, and
                                                                      Messenger. The company also introduced the Meta Business Agent Platform,
                                                                      enabling businesses to integrate custom agents with third-party tools such as
                                                                      Zendesk, Shopify and Shopee. We see these announcements as a) leveraging Meta’s
                                                                      massive structural distribution advantage (with over 1bn daily business-to-consumer
                                                                      conversations already occurring across its messaging ecosystem); b) establishing a
                                                                      native, end-to-end conversational commerce layer that bypasses traditional
                                                                      web-based friction; & c) positioning the company to monetize its AI investments
                                                                      directly through consumption-based token pricing and premium subscription tiers.
                                                                  n   Across the announcements and themes that emerged at Cannes Lions, our
                                                                      takeaways anchor around two main areas: a) shift from AI-assisted advertising
                                                                      towards agentic workflows and b) creator-led advertising.
                                                                        o   Agentic Workflows in Advertising – AI was increasingly positioned as an
                                                                            operating system for advertising workflows rather than simply a creative tool,
                                                                            with an industry focus away from individual AI features and towards the
                                                                            necessary infrastructure to operate autonomous systems at scale. Amazon




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                            Ads announced additional AI-driven enhancements tools, and WPP Media
                                                                            announced a Buyer Agent and called for an industry initiative to establish
                                                                            standards for agent-to-agent advertising (with participants including Netflix,
                                                                            Disney, NBCUniversal, Paramount, and Comcast).
                                                                               §   Measurement & Discovery – key debates emerged around how brands
                                                                                   will be discovered and measured in AI-driven environments, with focus
                                                                                   around brand visibility inside LLMs and AI generated answers,
                                                                                   commerce media networks, and first-party data ownership. Omnicom
                                                                                   and Netflix announced a partnership to deliver AI-generated
                                                                                   advertisements on the Netflix platform - leveraging the agency’s data
                                                                                   assets (Acxiom audience data) with Netflix’s AI creative capabilities.
                                                                        o   Creator Economy – creator-driven content is increasingly being treated as




                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                            mainstream media inventory, becoming embedded into broader advertising
                                                                            workflows. Meta expanded its Creator Marketplace to Facebook creators,
                                                                            TikTok introduced custom creator networks that allow advertisers to curate
                                                                            creator pools and convert content into advertisements, LinkedIn launched its
                                                                            first creator marketplace, and Snap announced a new AI creator network.
                                                                  n   Netflix Upfront – at its 4th annual Upfront event on May 13th (link), NFLX disclosed
                                                                      a few updates across engagement (i.e. ad-supported business reaches over 250mm
                                                                      monthly active viewers), Netflix Ad Suite (expanding to 15 new countries in 2027),
                                                                      and a strong forward content slate. Overall, we view mgmt as focused on building a
                                                                      full-stack advertising platform and scaling their offering through expanded ad-tech
                                                                      capabilities (incl. announced testing AI agents to manage/optimize campaigns) along
                                                                      with new advertising inventory (vertical video feeds & video podcasts) – with runway
                                                                      to increase ad monetization through greater personalization.
                                                                  n   At its Investor Day (link), SPOT outlined an expectation for double-digit advertising
                                                                      growth in 2027+ and reinforced advertising as a key long-term growth vector. Active
                                                                      advertisers on the platform continue to grow (+68% YoY in Q1) and Sponsorship is


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                7
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                      the fastest growing format (+100% YoY), and the company highlighted greater use of
                                                                      AI and first-party listener data to improve targeting and personalization while
                                                                      expanding ad inventory across multiple media formats.

                                                                  In our recent refresh of our top 10 themes for the industry (link), we discussed many of
                                                                  the secular growth themes that remain a focus of increment ad budget allocations and
                                                                  drivers of industry wide revenue growth. Those themes remain at the forefront of much
                                                                  of our industry conversation during this past quarter:

                                                                  n   Increasing adoption/utilization of AI/machine learning-driven programmatic
                                                                      systems and ad products (GOOGL’s Performance Max; META’s Advantage+; etc.), a
                                                                      theme that we continue to highlight as underappreciated and under-modeled across
                                                                      Street estimates. We also note the scaling of competing platforms across the
                                                                      gaming, commerce, and app economy landscape (as it relates to APP, U & LFTO). We
                                                                      continue to highlight this area as the likely largest tailwind to industry growth and
                                                                      advertising budget allocation shifts in the coming 12-18 months.
                                                                  n   Budget shifts toward direct response/performance channels (over brand). As




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                      discussed above, we identified a clear delineation in ad budget trends (reflecting
                                                                      much of the last year) as the quantification of ad budget performance and rise of
                                                                      measurability remain dominant themes across industry conversations.
                                                                  n   Growth from emerging channels & platforms including retail media networks,
                                                                      Connected TV (CTV)/Ad-Supported Video on Demand (AVOD) and other video
                                                                      advertising formats and creator/influencer marketing. We would highlight that
                                                                      efforts from both Netflix (NFLX) and Amazon (AMZN) to scale their video
                                                                      advertising efforts and increase their content ecosystem exposure to live events
                                                                      appear to be gaining operating momentum as conversations around both company’s
                                                                      efforts were notably positive during recent industry events and conversations.
                                                                  n   In addition, re-emergence of competitive forces that might compete for overall
                                                                      advertising budget allocation will be key to watch in the 2H 2026. We note recent




                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                      efforts from TikTok to reposition as a super app at the intersection of ads and
                                                                      commerce, a renewed X (formerly known as Twitter) in terms of efforts at ad
                                                                      monetization as well as OpenAI’s ChatGPT efforts (at the recent Cannes Lions event
                                                                      and recent hiring and product announcements).
                                                                  n   Potential rise of agentic commerce and “answer engines”, while not a direct
                                                                      impact yet on industry trends we remain watchful of efforts from Meta (recently
                                                                      announced at Meta Conversations) and Amazon’s rebranding of Rufus to Alexa as
                                                                      efforts that might be overall disruptive to the search/answer query landscape in the
                                                                      coming quarters (if executed on at scale).


                                                                  Pricing Trends - Healthy Sequential Growth in Q2
                                                                  Based on our channel checks, Q2 pricing trends across the digital advertising landscape
                                                                  overall reflected pressured growth trends (although inline with typical seasonality) on
                                                                  the back of lapping tough year-over-year comps. For Meta, specifically, data from Gupta
                                                                  Media shows that average US CPMs paid across Facebook & Instagram in Q2 were up
                                                                  ~26% QoQ and up ~8% YoY (lapping ~2% QoQ and ~6% YoY increases in Q2’25).
                                                                  Globally and by ad format, Instagram Feed CPMs increased +2% YoY (+23% QoQ),

                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                8
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                                                                                               Instagram Stories CPMs increased +11% YoY (+47% QoQ) and Instagram Reels CPMs
                                                                                                                                               increased +59% YoY (+47% QoQ) in Q2.

                                                  Exhibit 2: Average META CPMs - US                                                                                                                                                                   Exhibit 3: Global Instagram CPMs (By Format)
                                                  $, Jan 2023 - Present                                                                                                                                                                               $, Jan 2023 - Present

                                                   $14                                                                                                                                                                                                  $18
                                                   $13                                                                                                                                                                                                  $16
                                                   $12
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $14
                                                   $11
                                                   $10                                                                                                                                                                                                  $12
                                                    $9                                                                                                                                                                                                  $10
                                                    $8                                                                                                                                                                                                   $8
                                                    $7                                                                                                                                                                                                   $6
                                                    $6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $4
                                                    $5
                                                    $4                                                                                                                                                                                                   $2
                                                    $3                                                                                                                                                                                                   $0

                                                         Jan-23   Mar-23   May-23   Jul-23   Sep-23   Nov-23   Jan-24   Mar-24   May-24   Jul-24   Sep-24   Nov-24   Jan-25   Mar-25   May-25   Jul-25   Sep-25   Nov-25   Jan-26   Mar-26   May-26           Jan-23   Mar-23   May-23   Jul-23   Sep-23   Nov-23   Jan-24   Mar-24   May-24   Jul-24   Sep-24   Nov-24   Jan-25   Mar-25   May-25   Jul-25   Sep-25   Nov-25   Jan-26   Mar-26   May-26

                                                                                                                Avg US CPMs - META (All Platforms)                                                                                                                              Instagram Feed                                           Instagram Stories                                              Instagram Reels


                                                  Represents the average CPM paid across all Meta-owned properties and ad                                                                                                                             Represents the average CPM paid across Instagram Feed, Stories & Reels;
                                                  formats; weekly average of daily CPM data                                                                                                                                                           weekly average of daily CPM data




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Source: Gupta Media, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment                                                                                                                               Source: Gupta Media, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment
                                                  Research                                                                                                                                                                                            Research

                                                                                                                                               Away from the month-to-month volatility, overall pricing for META properties have
                                                                                                                                               increased significantly over a multi-year period, with US & global CPMs (by format)
                                                                                                                                               tracking at ~1.5-2.5x and ~3-4x Q2 2019 levels, respectively.

                                                  Exhibit 4: US CPMs as % of 2019 Levels (Weekly)                                                                                                                                                     Exhibit 5: Global CPMs by Format as % of 2019 Levels
                                                  Jan 2020 - Present                                                                                                                                                                                  (Weekly)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Jan 2020 - Present

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1000%
                                                   240%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        900%
                                                   220%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        800%
                                                   200%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        700%
                                                   180%
                                                   160%                                                                                                                                                                                                 600%

                                                   140%                                                                                                                                                                                                 500%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                   120%                                                                                                                                                                                                 400%
                                                   100%                                                                                                                                                                                                 300%
                                                    80%                                                                                                                                                                                                 200%
                                                    60%                                                                                                                                                                                                 100%
                                                    40%       Jan-20
                                                              Apr-20                                                                                                                                                                                      0%       Jan-20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Apr-20
                                                               Jul-20
                                                              Oct-20
                                                              Jan-21
                                                              Apr-21
                                                               Jul-21                                                                                                                                                                                               Jul-20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Oct-20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Jan-21
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Apr-21
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Jul-21
                                                              Oct-21
                                                              Jan-22
                                                              Apr-22
                                                               Jul-22
                                                              Oct-22                                                                                                                                                                                               Oct-21
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Jan-22
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Apr-22
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Jul-22
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Oct-22
                                                              Jan-23
                                                              Apr-23
                                                               Jul-23
                                                              Oct-23
                                                              Jan-24                                                                                                                                                                                               Jan-23
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Apr-23
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Jul-23
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Oct-23
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Jan-24
                                                              Apr-24
                                                               Jul-24
                                                              Oct-24
                                                              Jan-25
                                                              Apr-25                                                                                                                                                                                               Apr-24
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Jul-24
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Oct-24
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Jan-25
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Apr-25
                                                               Jul-25
                                                              Oct-25
                                                              Jan-26
                                                              Apr-26                                                                                                                                                                                                Jul-25
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Oct-25
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Jan-26
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Apr-26
                                                                                                                Avg US CPMs - META (All Platforms)                                                                                                                              Facebook Feed                                             Instagram Feed                                             Instagram Stories


                                                  Represents the average CPM paid across all Meta-owned properties and ad                                                                                                                             Represents the average CPM paid across Facebook Feed, Instagram Feed &
                                                  formats as a % of the same week in 2019; weekly average of daily CPM data                                                                                                                           Stories as a % of the same week in 2019; weekly average of daily CPM data

                                                  Source: Gupta Media, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment                                                                                                                               Source: Gupta Media, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment
                                                  Research                                                                                                                                                                                            Research



                                                                                                                                               User Growth & Engagement Trends Remain Stable, With Pockets of
                                                                                                                                               Strength in International & From Key Formats (incl. Short-Form Video)
                                                                                                                                               Data from SensorTower indicates that user growth & total time spent in app remain
                                                                                                                                               healthy in the US while seeing stronger growth in international markets and overall
                                                                                                                                               continuing to surprise to the upside. We call out two platforms that are seeing
                                                                                                                                               particularly strong engagement trends in Q2 QTD: Pinterest (total time spent up +18%
                                                                                                                                               YoY and +33% YoY globally & in the US, respectively), and Instagram (+15% YoY / +13%


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              9
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                                                                                                             YoY).

                                                  Exhibit 6: Global Indexed Total Monthly Time Spent                                                                                                                                                                                  Exhibit 7: US Indexed Total Monthly Time Spent
                                                  iOS & Android; Jan 2021 = 100                                                                                                                                                                                                       iOS & Android; Jan 2021 = 100

                                                   320                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 320
                                                   300                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 300
                                                   280                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 280
                                                   260                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 260
                                                   240                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 240
                                                   220                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 220
                                                   200                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 200
                                                   180                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 180
                                                   160                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 160
                                                   140                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 140
                                                   120                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 120
                                                   100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 100
                                                    80                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  80
                                                    60                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  60

                                                         Jan-21    Apr-21    Jul-21    Oct-21    Jan-22    Apr-22    Jul-22    Oct-22    Jan-23    Apr-23    Jul-23    Oct-23    Jan-24    Apr-24    Jul-24    Oct-24    Jan-25    Apr-25    Jul-25    Oct-25    Jan-26    Apr-26            Jan-21    Apr-21    Jul-21    Oct-21    Jan-22    Apr-22    Jul-22    Oct-22    Jan-23     Apr-23     Jul-23     Oct-23     Jan-24     Apr-24     Jul-24     Oct-24      Jan-25      Apr-25      Jul-25      Oct-25      Jan-26      Apr-26
                                                                  Facebook                                                     Instagram                                                   YouTube                                                     Snapchat                                       Facebook                                                     Instagram                                                        YouTube                                                               Snapchat
                                                                  Pinterest                                                    Nextdoor                                                    Reddit                                                                                                     Pinterest                                                    Nextdoor                                                         Reddit


                                                  Shows the total time spent monthly in each app globally, indexed to Jan 2021 =                                                                                                                                                      Shows the total US time spent monthly in each app, indexed to Jan 2021 = 100
                                                  100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Source: SensorTower
                                                  Source: SensorTower




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                                                                                             The platforms that have seen the largest monthly average user growth over the past ~5
                                                                                                                                                             years are Reddit, Pinterest, and Instagram in the US and Reddit, Pinterest, and
                                                                                                                                                             Snapchat globally, according to SensorTower. In Q2 specifically, Pinterest, Instagram,
                                                                                                                                                             and Snapchat are seeing the strongest global MAU growth amongst the comp set, with
                                                                                                                                                             SensorTower data indicating average global MAUs grew +10% YoY, +3% YoY and +3%
                                                                                                                                                             YoY in Q2 for each platform, respectively.

                                                  Exhibit 8: Global Indexed Monthly Average Users                                                                                                                                                                                     Exhibit 9: US Indexed Monthly Average Users
                                                  Jan 2021 = 100                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Jan 2021 = 100
                                                   300                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 260
                                                   280
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       240
                                                   260
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       220
                                                   240
                                                   220                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 200
                                                   200                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 180




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                   180                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 160
                                                   160
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       140
                                                   140
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       120
                                                   120
                                                   100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 100
                                                    80                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  80

                                                         Jan-21     Apr-21    Jul-21    Oct-21    Jan-22    Apr-22    Jul-22    Oct-22    Jan-23    Apr-23    Jul-23    Oct-23    Jan-24    Apr-24    Jul-24    Oct-24    Jan-25    Apr-25    Jul-25    Oct-25    Jan-26     Apr-26          Jan-21     Apr-21    Jul-21    Oct-21    Jan-22    Apr-22    Jul-22    Oct-22     Jan-23     Apr-23     Jul-23     Oct-23     Jan-24     Apr-24     Jul-24      Oct-24      Jan-25      Apr-25      Jul-25      Oct-25      Jan-26      Apr-26
                                                                  Facebook                                                     Instagram                                                   YouTube                                                     Snapchat                                       Facebook                                                     Instagram                                                        YouTube                                                               Snapchat
                                                                  Pinterest                                                    Nextdoor                                                    Reddit                                                                                                     Pinterest                                                    Nextdoor                                                         Reddit


                                                  Global monthly average users for each app, indexed to Jan 2021 = 100                                                                                                                                                                US monthly average users for each app, indexed to Jan 2021 = 100

                                                  Source: SensorTower                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Source: SensorTower


                                                                                                                                                             Short-Form Video Remains Key Driver of Engagement Growth for Instagram &
                                                                                                                                                             YouTube
                                                                                                                                                             As we’ve discussed in prior research (link | link), short-form video remains a dominant
                                                                                                                                                             theme within digital advertising and continues to be a key driver of engagement growth
                                                                                                                                                             (time spent, sessions per day, etc.) for several of the major US platforms. To track this
                                                                                                                                                             theme, we analyze data from SensorTower on user growth & engagement for what we
                                                                                                                                                             consider to be the three primary short-form video platforms: TikTok, Instagram and
                                                                                                                                                             YouTube. The data indicates that average time spent per user per day continues to


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              10
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                                                                                                  increase for both Instagram (~58 mins daily in the US and ~75 mins globally in Q2 QTD,
                                                                                                                                                  vs. ~37 mins and ~52 mins in Q2’21, respectively) and YouTube (~84 mins daily in the US
                                                                                                                                                  and ~83 mins globally in Q2 QTD, vs. ~64 mins and ~72 mins in Q2’21, respectively). For
                                                                                                                                                  TikTok, average US time spent per user per day was ~80 mins/day, down from ~89
                                                                                                                                                  mins/day in Q2’21 and a peak of ~92 mins/day in mid 2023.

                                                  Exhibit 10: Instagram - Average Daily Minutes per User (US                                                                                                                                                   Exhibit 11: YouTube - Average Daily Minutes per User (US
                                                  & Global)                                                                                                                                                                                                    & Global)
                                                  minutes per day                                                                                                                                                                                              minutes per day

                                                   80                                                                                                                                                                                                           90
                                                   75
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                85
                                                   70
                                                   65                                                                                                                                                                                                           80
                                                   60                                                                                                                                                                                                           75
                                                   55
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                70
                                                   50
                                                   45                                                                                                                                                                                                           65
                                                   40
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                60
                                                   35
                                                   30                                                                                                                                                                                                           55
                                                   25                                                                                                                                                                                                           50

                                                        Jan-21   Apr-21   Jul-21   Oct-21   Jan-22   Apr-22   Jul-22   Oct-22   Jan-23   Apr-23   Jul-23   Oct-23   Jan-24   Apr-24    Jul-24   Oct-24   Jan-25   Apr-25   Jul-25   Oct-25   Jan-26   Apr-26




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Jan-21   Apr-21   Jul-21   Oct-21   Jan-22   Apr-22   Jul-22   Oct-22   Jan-23    Apr-23   Jul-23   Oct-23    Jan-24   Apr-24    Jul-24   Oct-24   Jan-25   Apr-25   Jul-25   Oct-25   Jan-26   Apr-26
                                                                                             Instagram - US                                                                           Instagram - Global                                                                                                    YouTube - US                                                                             YouTube - Global


                                                  Mobile-app only; includes iOS & Android                                                                                                                                                                      Mobile-app only; includes iOS & Android

                                                  Source: SensorTower, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment                                                                                                                                        Source: SensorTower, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment
                                                  Research                                                                                                                                                                                                     Research

                                                                                                                                                  According to SensorTower/Pathmatics data, Instagram Reels has gained significant share
                                                                                                                                                  of both time spent and % of ads served - the data shows that for US app-based users,
                                                                                                                                                  Reels reached ~52% of user time spent in Q1’26 and ~53% of total ads served on
                                                                                                                                                  Instagram in Q4’25, coming at the expense of both Feed and Stories.

                                                  Exhibit 12: User Time Spent by In-App Surface - Instagram                                                                                                                                                    Exhibit 13: % of Total Ads Shown by In-App Surface -
                                                  (US)                                                                                                                                                                                                         Instagram (US)

                                                   80%                                                                                                                                                                                                          80%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                   70%                                                                                                                                                                                                          70%

                                                   60%                                                                                                                                                                                                          60%                                                                                                                                                                                         53%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             52%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           49%
                                                   50%                                                                                                                                45%                46%                                                    50%                                                                                                                                                     45%               46%
                                                                                                                                              42%                   43%
                                                                  35%                35%                35%                36%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    35%                37%
                                                   40%                                                                                                                                                                                                          40%                                                                                         33%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        32%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              28%                 29%                28%
                                                   30%                                                                                                                                                                                                          30%

                                                   20%                                                                                                                                                                                                          20%

                                                   10%                                                                                                                                                                                                          10%

                                                    0%                                                                                                                                                                                                           0%
                                                                 Q4'23 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26                                                                                                                                                  Q3'23 Q4'23 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25

                                                                                                Reels                           Main Feed                                    Stories                              Other                                                                                            Reels                              Feed                         Stories                              Other


                                                  Mobile-app only; includes iOS & Android; data based on SensorTower                                                                                                                                           Mobile-app only; includes iOS & Android; data based on SensorTower
                                                  estimates and not confirmed/reported by company                                                                                                                                                              estimates and not confirmed/reported by company

                                                  Source: SensorTower, Pathmatics, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global                                                                                                                                       Source: SensorTower, Pathmatics, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global
                                                  Investment Research                                                                                                                                                                                          Investment Research




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             11
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                     Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Company Valuations & Key Risks

                                                                        Below we detail our updated Q2 estimates (including vs. consensus) and valuation for
                                                                        each digital advertising company under our coverage.

                                                                        Exhibit 14: Summary of Ratings & 12-Month Price Target Changes
                                                                        In market cap order
                                                                                                                                     Price     Price
                                                                                                              Rating     Rating                         Current   % upside /
                                                                                 Ticker        Company                              Target    Target
                                                                                                               (Old)     (New)                           Price    downside
                                                                                                                                      (Old)    (New)
                                                                                GOOGL          Alphabet        Buy        Buy       $450.00   $440.00   $366.46      20%
                                                                                 META       Meta Platforms     Buy        Buy       $830.00   $815.00   $600.29      36%
                                                                                  APP          AppLovin       Neutral    Neutral    $585.00   $585.00   $543.79       8%
                                                                                 RDDT            Reddit       Neutral    Neutral    $200.00   $220.00   $200.86      10%
                                                                                   U              Unity       Neutral    Neutral     $34.00    $34.00    $29.65      15%
                                                                                 PINS          Pinterest       Buy        Buy        $28.00    $28.00    $22.25      26%
                                                                                 SNAP             Snap        Neutral    Neutral      $7.00     $6.00     $4.75      26%
                                                                                 LFTO        Liftoff Mobile    Buy        Buy        $40.00    $40.00    $23.19      72%
                                                                                  DV         DoubleVerify     Neutral    Neutral     $12.00    $11.00    $11.67      -6%
                                                                                 OPRA            Opera         Buy        Buy        $25.00    $25.00    $20.15      24%
                                                                                 YELP             Yelp        Neutral    Neutral     $24.00    $25.00    $26.34      -5%
                                                                                 LIFE            Ethos         Buy        Buy        $33.00    $31.00    $19.42      60%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                 MAX         MediaAlpha       Neutral    Neutral     $11.00    $10.00    $14.00     -29%
                                                                                 IBTA            Ibotta        Sell       Sell       $32.00    $28.00    $33.00     -15%
                                                                                 NXDR          Nextdoor       Neutral    Neutral      $2.25     $2.25     $2.30      -2%

                                                                        Pricing as of 7/6/26 close

                                                                        Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research



                                                                        Alphabet (GOOGL) - Maintain Buy Rating; Lower PT to $440 (from $450)
                                                                        We raise our forward Google Cloud revenue growth estimates to reflect greater visibility
                                                                        into the forward demand curve and GOOGL’s ability to execute against the sizable
                                                                        backlog growth recently reported (~$460bn as of Q1) - we now forecast Google Cloud
                                                                        revenue growth of +71% YoY in 2026E, +65% YoY in 2027E and growing at a ~47%
                                                                        5-year CAGR to ~$400bn by 2030E. We make minimal changes to our non-Cloud
                                                                        revenue estimates. For expenses, we modestly raise our 2026E capex estimates to
                                                                        ~$190bn (high end of the guidance range) and more significantly increase our 2027 &




                                                                                                                                                                                    455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                        beyond capex estimates (now expecting capex to grow at a ~53% 3-year CAGR through
                                                                        2028, or spending a cumulative ~$790bn between 2026-2028E) as we expect capital
                                                                        intensity to remain elevated in support of GOOGL’s long-term AI ambitions. We raise our
                                                                        D&A expense estimates to reflect this higher capex, partially offset by continued
                                                                        mitigation of non-D&A expense growth by the company.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                  12
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                  Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 15: GOOGL - Segment Revenue Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm
                                                             GOOGL: Search & Other   1Q25     2Q25     3Q25     4Q25     1Q26    2Q26E    3Q26E    4Q26E    1Q27E    2Q27E    3Q27E    4Q27E                                      2025     2026E     2027E     2028E
                                                              Prior GSe            $ 50,702 $ 54,190 $ 56,567 $ 63,073 $ 60,399 $ 63,131 $ 63,921 $ 71,272 $ 67,647 $ 71,338 $ 72,550 $ 79,825                                 $ 224,532 $ 258,724 $ 291,361 $ 324,483
                                                               % QoQ                  -6.2%     6.9%     4.4%    11.5%    -4.2%     4.5%     1.3%    11.5%    -5.1%     5.5%     1.7%    10.0%                                        n/a       n/a       n/a       n/a
                                                               % YoY                   9.8%    11.7%    14.5%    16.7%    19.1%    16.5%    13.0%    13.0%    12.0%    13.0%    13.5%    12.0%                                     13.4%     15.2%     12.6%     11.4%
                                                              New GSe              $ 50,702 $ 54,190 $ 56,567 $ 63,073 $ 60,399 $ 62,589 $ 63,921 $ 71,272 $ 67,647 $ 70,726 $ 72,550 $ 79,825                                 $ 224,532 $ 258,182 $ 290,748 $ 323,799
                                                               % QoQ                  -6.2%     6.9%     4.4%    11.5%    -4.2%     3.6%     2.1%    11.5%    -5.1%     4.6%     2.6%    10.0%                                        n/a       n/a       n/a       n/a
                                                               % YoY                   9.8%    11.7%    14.5%    16.7%    19.1%    15.5%    13.0%    13.0%    12.0%    13.0%    13.5%    12.0%                                     13.4%     15.0%     12.6%     11.4%
                                                              % change                                                             -0.9%     0.0%     0.0%     0.0%    -0.9%     0.0%     0.0%                                               -0.2%     -0.2%     -0.2%
                                                             GOOGL: YouTube Ads        1Q25     2Q25     3Q25     4Q25    1Q26    2Q26E    3Q26E    4Q26E    1Q27E    2Q27E    3Q27E    4Q27E                                    2025    2026E    2027E    2028E
                                                              Prior GSe               $  8,927 $ 9,796 $ 10,261 $ 11,383 $ 9,883 $ 10,580 $ 11,184 $ 12,351 $ 11,069 $ 11,849 $ 12,527 $ 13,833                                $ 40,367 $ 43,998 $ 49,277 $ 54,575
                                                               % QoQ                    -14.8%    9.7%     4.7%    10.9%   -13.2%    7.0%     5.7%    10.4%   -10.4%     7.0%     5.7%    10.4%                                      n/a      n/a      n/a      n/a
                                                               % YoY                     10.3%   13.1%    15.0%     8.7%    10.7%    8.0%     9.0%     8.5%    12.0%    12.0%    12.0%    12.0%                                   11.7%     9.0%    12.0%    10.8%
                                                              New GSe                 $ 8,927 $ 9,796 $ 10,261 $ 11,383 $ 9,883 $ 10,580 $ 11,184 $ 12,351 $ 11,069 $ 11,849 $ 12,527 $ 13,833                                 $ 40,367 $ 43,998 $ 49,277 $ 54,575
                                                               % QoQ                    -14.8%    9.7%     4.7%    10.9%   -13.2%    7.0%     5.7%    10.4%   -10.4%     7.0%     5.7%    10.4%                                      n/a      n/a      n/a      n/a
                                                               % YoY                     10.3%   13.1%    15.0%     8.7%    10.7%    8.0%     9.0%     8.5%    12.0%    12.0%    12.0%    12.0%                                   11.7%     9.0%    12.0%    10.8%
                                                              % change                                                               0.0%     0.0%     0.0%     0.0%     0.0%     0.0%     0.0%                                             0.0%     0.0%     0.0%
                                                             GOOGL: Google Cloud        1Q25     2Q25     3Q25     4Q25     1Q26    2Q26E    3Q26E    4Q26E    1Q27E    2Q27E    3Q27E    4Q27E                                  2025     2026E     2027E     2028E
                                                              Prior GSe               $ 12,260 $ 13,624 $ 15,157 $ 17,664 $ 20,028 $ 23,161 $ 26,222 $ 29,676 $ 33,246 $ 37,520 $ 41,430 $ 45,107                              $ 58,705 $ 99,086 $ 157,304 $ 220,225
                                                               % QoQ                      2.6%    11.1%    11.3%    16.5%    13.4%    15.6%    13.2%    13.2%    12.0%    12.9%    10.4%     8.9%                                    n/a       n/a       n/a       n/a
                                                               % YoY                     28.1%    31.7%    33.5%    47.8%    63.4%    70.0%    73.0%    68.0%    66.0%    62.0%    58.0%    52.0%                                 35.8%     68.8%     58.8%     40.0%
                                                              New GSe                 $ 12,260 $ 13,624 $ 15,157 $ 17,664 $ 20,028 $ 23,161 $ 26,222 $ 30,912 $ 35,049 $ 39,373 $ 43,528 $ 47,914                              $ 58,705 $ 100,322 $ 165,864 $ 257,089
                                                               % QoQ                      2.6%    11.1%    11.3%    16.5%    13.4%    15.6%    13.2%    17.9%    13.4%    12.3%    10.6%    10.1%                                    n/a       n/a       n/a       n/a
                                                               % YoY                     28.1%    31.7%    33.5%    47.8%    63.4%    70.0%    73.0%    75.0%    75.0%    70.0%    66.0%    55.0%                                 35.8%     70.9%     65.3%     55.0%
                                                              % change                                                                 0.0%     0.0%     4.2%     5.4%     4.9%     5.1%     6.2%                                            1.2%      5.4%     16.7%


                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 16: GOOGL - GSe Revenues, Capex, D&A and GAAP Expense Growth
                                                  $mm
                                                                                                                           2023                2024            2025               2026E          2027E               2028E               2029E           2030E                 2031E




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Total Revenues (Net)                                                $    256,508         $   295,118    $    342,910       $     423,282   $    528,084       $     659,744      $      778,541    $    888,465          $    999,453
                                                   % y/y growth                                                                9.7%              15.1%           16.2%               23.4%          24.8%               24.9%               18.0%           14.1%                 12.5%
                                                  Total Capex                                                         $     32,251         $    52,535    $     91,447       $     189,950   $    275,428       $     325,005      $      357,505    $    384,318          $    403,534
                                                   % y/y growth                                                                2.4%              62.9%           74.1%              107.7%          45.0%               18.0%               10.0%            7.5%                  5.0%
                                                   % capital intensity                                                        12.6%              17.8%           26.7%               44.9%          52.2%               49.3%               45.9%           43.3%                 40.4%
                                                  Total GAAP Expenses                                                 $    172,215         $   182,728    $    213,871       $     255,416   $    311,704       $     378,584      $      445,441    $    509,249          $    571,835
                                                   % y/y growth                                                                8.3%               6.1%           17.0%               19.4%          22.0%               21.5%               17.7%           14.3%                 12.3%
                                                   Total D&A                                                          $     13,326         $    15,311    $     21,136       $      43,389   $     71,833       $     104,824      $      140,308    $    176,057          $    208,772
                                                     % y/y growth                                                            -12.8%              14.9%           38.0%              105.3%          65.6%               45.9%               33.9%           25.5%                 18.6%
                                                   Total GAAP Expenses (ex-D&A and one-timers)*                       $    154,956         $   166,110    $    187,586       $     212,027   $    239,871       $     273,761      $      305,133    $    333,192          $    363,063
                                                     % y/y growth                                                              8.7%               7.2%           12.9%               13.0%          13.1%               14.1%               11.5%            9.2%                  9.0%

                                                  *One-timers include reported restructuring charges & legal accruals of ~$3.9bn in 2023, ~$1.3bn in 2024 and ~$1.7bn in 2025E

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 17: GOOGL - Summary of Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm, except per share data
                                                                                                                 Q2 2026                                              2026                                          2027                                            2028

                                                                                                      Old            New        % Change                 Old          New        % Change            Old            New        % Change              Old            New         % Change

                                                  Google Segment Revs (Gross)                     $   117,186    $   116,644      -0.5%            $   486,906    $   487,601       0.1%         $   590,306    $   598,253      1.3%            $   699,703    $   735,882       5.2%
                                                   Google Services                                $    94,025    $    93,484      -0.6%            $   387,820    $   387,278      -0.1%         $   433,002    $   432,390      -0.1%           $   479,478    $   478,793      -0.1%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                     Google Search & Other                        $    63,131    $    62,589      -0.9%            $   258,724    $   258,182      -0.2%         $   291,361    $   290,748      -0.2%           $   324,483    $   323,799      -0.2%
                                                     YouTube Ads                                  $    10,580    $    10,580      0.0%             $    43,998    $    43,998       0.0%         $    49,277    $    49,277      0.0%            $    54,575    $    54,575       0.0%
                                                     Google Network                               $     7,207    $     7,207      0.0%             $    29,056    $    29,056       0.0%         $    28,475    $    28,475      0.0%            $    27,906    $    27,906       0.0%
                                                     Google Subscriptions, Platforms & Devices    $    13,108    $    13,108      0.0%             $    56,043    $    56,043       0.0%         $    63,889    $    63,889      0.0%            $    72,514    $    72,514       0.0%
                                                   Google Cloud                                   $    23,161    $    23,161      0.0%             $    99,086    $   100,322       1.2%         $   157,304    $   165,864      5.4%            $   220,225    $   257,089      16.7%
                                                  Other Bets                                      $       392    $       392      0.0%             $     1,552    $     1,552       0.0%         $     1,630    $     1,630      0.0%            $     1,711    $     1,711       0.0%
                                                  Consolidated Gross Revs                         $   117,578    $   117,036      -0.5%            $   488,279    $   488,973       0.1%         $   591,936    $   599,883      1.3%            $   701,414    $   737,594       5.2%
                                                  TAC (Total)                                     $   (16,077)   $   (15,970)     -0.7%            $   (65,799)   $   (65,691)     -0.2%         $   (71,919)   $   (71,800)     -0.2%           $   (77,981)   $   (77,849)     -0.2%
                                                  Consolidated Net Revs                           $   101,500    $   101,066      -0.4%            $   422,480    $   423,282       0.2%         $   520,017    $   528,084      1.6%            $   623,434    $   659,744       5.8%
                                                  GAAP Operating Income                           $    39,079    $    38,781      -0.8%            $   167,318    $   167,866       0.3%         $   210,287    $   216,380      2.9%            $   253,779    $   281,160      10.8%
                                                  % OI margin (Net Revs)                                38.5%          38.4%     -13 bps                 39.6%          39.7%      5 bps               40.4%          41.0%     54 bps                 40.7%          42.6%     191 bps
                                                   Google Services OI                             $    39,432    $    39,263      -0.4%            $   169,177    $   169,503       0.2%         $   192,692    $   200,961      4.3%            $   212,414    $   237,978      12.0%
                                                   % OI margin                                          41.9%          42.0%      6 bps                  43.6%          43.8%     15 bps               44.5%          46.5%    198 bps                 44.3%          49.7%     540 bps
                                                   Google Cloud OI                                $     7,411    $     7,411      0.0%             $    32,421    $    32,817       1.2%         $    57,772    $    60,912      5.4%            $    85,285    $    99,556      16.7%
                                                   % OI margin                                          32.0%          32.0%      0 bps                  32.7%          32.7%     -1 bps               36.7%          36.7%     0 bps                  38.7%          38.7%      0 bps
                                                  GAAP EBITDA                                     $    51,210    $    50,595      -1.2%            $   210,193    $   211,255       0.5%         $   279,870    $   288,213      3.0%            $   352,120    $   385,984       9.6%
                                                  GAAP EPS                                        $      2.64    $      2.59      -1.8%            $     13.73    $     13.69      -0.3%         $     14.16    $     14.47      2.2%            $     17.04    $     18.66       9.5%


                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                        13
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                           Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 18: GOOGL - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per share values
                                                                                                                       Q2 2026                                      2026                                     2027
                                                                                                                                  % GS vs.                                    % GS vs.                                 % GS vs.
                                                                                                         GS Est       Cons Est      Cons             GS Est      Cons Est       Cons           GS Est      Cons Est      Cons
                                                  Google Segment Revs (Gross)                          $ 116,644     $ 116,721      -0.1%          $ 487,601    $ 485,891       0.4%         $ 598,253    $ 580,891      3.0%
                                                   Google Services                                     $ 93,484      $ 94,260       -0.8%          $ 387,278    $ 389,019      -0.4%         $ 432,390    $ 432,285      0.0%
                                                     Google Search & Other                             $ 62,589      $ 63,284       -1.1%          $ 258,182    $ 259,408      -0.5%         $ 290,748    $ 290,823      0.0%
                                                     YouTube Ads                                       $ 10,580      $ 10,793       -2.0%          $ 43,998     $ 44,806       -1.8%         $ 49,277     $ 49,650      -0.7%
                                                     Google Network                                    $   7,207     $   7,144      0.9%           $ 29,056     $ 28,930        0.4%         $ 28,475     $ 28,319       0.6%
                                                     Google Subscriptions, Platforms & Devices         $ 13,108      $ 13,038       0.5%           $ 56,043     $ 55,876        0.3%         $ 63,889     $ 63,494       0.6%
                                                   Google Cloud                                        $ 23,161      $ 22,461       3.1%           $ 100,322    $ 96,872        3.6%         $ 165,864    $ 148,606     11.6%
                                                  Other Bets                                           $     392     $     399      -1.8%          $    1,552   $   1,607      -3.4%         $    1,630   $   1,808     -9.9%
                                                  Consolidated Gross Revs                              $ 117,036     $ 117,110      -0.1%          $ 488,973    $ 487,691       0.3%         $ 599,883    $ 582,644      3.0%
                                                  TAC (Total)                                          $ (15,970)    $ (16,261)     -1.8%          $ (65,691)   $ (65,290)      0.6%         $ (71,800)   $ (71,599)     0.3%
                                                  Consolidated Net Revs                                $ 101,066     $ 100,849      0.2%           $ 423,282    $ 422,402       0.2%         $ 528,084    $ 511,045      3.3%
                                                  GAAP Operating Income                                $ 38,781      $ 40,883       -5.1%          $ 167,866    $ 170,176      -1.4%         $ 216,380    $ 207,182      4.4%
                                                  % OI margin (Net Revs)                                   38.4%         40.5%    -217 bps             39.7%        40.3%     -63 bps            41.0%        40.5%     43 bps
                                                   Google Services OI                                  $ 39,263      $ 40,483       -3.0%          $ 169,503    $ 167,198       1.4%         $ 200,961    $ 189,911      5.8%
                                                   % OI margin                                             42.0%         42.9%     -95 bps             43.8%        43.0%      79 bps            46.5%        43.9%    254 bps
                                                   Google Cloud OI                                     $   7,411     $   7,018      5.6%           $ 32,817     $ 30,978        5.9%         $ 60,912     $ 51,090      19.2%
                                                   % OI margin                                             32.0%         31.2%     75 bps              32.7%        32.0%      73 bps            36.7%        34.4%    234 bps
                                                  GAAP EBITDA                                          $ 50,595      $ 48,617       4.1%           $ 211,255    $ 203,105       4.0%         $ 288,213    $ 255,607     12.8%
                                                  GAAP EPS                                             $     2.59    $    2.90     -10.5%          $    13.69   $   14.26      -3.9%         $    14.47   $   14.60     -0.9%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                            Our $440, 12-month price target (from $450 prior) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                            EV/GAAP EBIT multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                            using an EV/FCF-SBC multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                            years. Specifically:

                                                                                             n       26.0x EV/GAAP EBIT (unchanged) or 0.89x EV/GAAP EBIT-to-growth (from 0.99x
                                                                                                     prior) applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                             n       50.0x EV/FCF-SBC (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted
                                                                                                     back 3 years at 12% (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM using the
                                                                                                     blended average of companies within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk
                                                                                                     free rate (based on the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity
                                                                                                     risk premium of 7%.


                                                                                            Exhibit 19: GOOGL Valuation Analysis
                                                                                            $mm, except per share values




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                 Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                                               Downside        Base          Upside
                                                                                                 Valuation                                    $       250 $         440 $         520
                                                                                                   % upside/downside                                 -32%          20%            42%
                                                                                                 GAAP EBIT (NTM)                              $ 143,963 $ 179,675 $ 197,972
                                                                                                   EBIT Margin %                                    35.0%         40.2%         41.0%
                                                                                                 GAAP EBIT (NTM + 1 year)                     $ 195,259 $ 230,908 $ 257,008
                                                                                                   EBIT Margin %                                    39.0%         41.5%         42.0%
                                                                                                 EV / GAAP EBIT                                      17.0x         26.0x         28.0x
                                                                                                 EBIT CAGR                                          18.9%         29.3%         36.4%
                                                                                                 EV / GAAP EBIT to Growth                            0.90x         0.89x         0.77x
                                                                                                 Enterprise Value                             $ 3,319,407 $ 6,003,612 $ 7,196,221
                                                                                                 FCF-SBC (NTM + 4 years)                      $ 100,335 $ 134,967 $ 136,820
                                                                                                   FCF % of Sales                                   11.0%         14.8%         15.0%
                                                                                                 EV / FCF-SBC                                        40.0x         50.0x         55.0x
                                                                                                 FCF-SBC CAGR                                     -358.7%       -385.6%       -386.9%
                                                                                                 EV / FCF-SBC-to-Growth                      n/a           n/a           n/a
                                                                                                 Discount Rate                                      15.0%         12.0%         10.0%
                                                                                                 Discount Period (Years)                                 3             3             3
                                                                                                 Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)             $ 4,013,390 $ 6,748,364 $ 7,525,106
                                                                                                 Discounted Enterprise Value                  $ 2,638,869 $ 4,803,352 $ 5,653,724
                                                                                                 Weightings
                                                                                                   EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                       50%         50%         50%
                                                                                                   EV derived from (FCF-SBC)                         50%         50%         50%
                                                                                                 Enterprise Value                            $ 2,979,138 $ 5,403,482 $ 6,424,972
                                                                                                 Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                                                 Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending              $   (135,229) $    (135,229) $   (135,229)
                                                                                                 Dividends                                   $     10,903 $       10,903 $      10,903
                                                                                                 Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending          12,589         12,589        12,589


                                                                                            Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                            Refreshing Our Illustrative Segment-Based Valuation Analysis

                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                     14
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                               Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                  Last published with our Q1 earnings preview report (link), we refresh our illustrative
                                                                  analysis of what our 12-month PT of $440 (derived from our multiples-based valuation
                                                                  methodology above) implies for Alphabet’s various segments.

                                                                  Specifically, we apply the following multiples:

                                                                  n   YouTube (Total) EV/Sales multiple of 4.9x (or EV/Sales-to-growth multiple of 0.33x)
                                                                      on our 2027E revenue estimate of ~$84.9bn. We apply two separate
                                                                      multiples-to-growth to our two segment (YouTube Ads and YouTube Non-Ads) in line
                                                                      with peer group averages. The YouTube Ads peer group includes: META, SNAP, PINS,
                                                                      RDDT, DIS, FOXA, ROKU, TTD. The YouTube Non-Ads peer group includes NFLX &
                                                                      SPOT.
                                                                  n   Google Cloud EV/Sales multiple of 17.0x (or EV/Sales-to-growth multiple of 0.25x)
                                                                      on our 2027E revenue estimate of ~$165.9bn. We apply a multiple-to-growth of
                                                                      0.25x to reflect a 30% discount to MSFT & AMZN’s current average EV/’27
                                                                      Sales-to-growth multiple of ~0.33x. We use a 30% discount out of conservatism
                                                                      given Google Cloud’s relatively lower market share position vs. AMZN (AWS) and




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                      MSFT (Azure).
                                                                  n   Network EV/Sales multiple of 1.0x on our 2027E revenue estimate of ~$28.5n. We
                                                                      apply a 1.0x multiple to reflect a typical mature internet business multiple.
                                                                  n   Other Google Services (non-Search, YouTube and Network) EV/EBIT multiple of
                                                                      8.0x on our 2027E GAAP EBIT estimate of ~$19.9bn. We apply an 8.0x multiple to
                                                                      reflect a typical mature internet business multiple.
                                                                  n   Alphabet-Level Activities multiple of 8.0x (on unallocated overhead expenses). We
                                                                      apply an 8.0x multiple to reflect a typical mature internet business multiple.

                                                                  Backing out these segments from the consolidated enterprise value (as implied by our
                                                                  12-month PT of $440 derived from our multiples-based approach), this implies an
                                                                  enterprise value for GOOGL’s Search & Other segment of ~$2.97trn, or 18.0x EV/’27




                                                                                                                                                              455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  EBIT (1.21x EV/’27 EBIT-to-growth). Further, using the current market price of $366.46
                                                                  as of 7/6/26 close and applying the same ex-Search segment multiples above implies a
                                                                  Search & Other enterprise value of ~$1.94trn, or 11.7x EV/’27 EBIT (0.79x EV/’27
                                                                  EBIT-to-growth).




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                           15
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                               Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 20: GOOGL Illustrative Segment-Based Valuation
                                                  $mm, except per share data
                                                                                                 2025E                                     2027E                2-year CAGR
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Sales                     EBIT
                                                                                                                                                                                       Sales     Multiple-to-    EBIT      Multiple-to-
                                                                                  Sales      GAAP EBIT       % margin        Sales     GAAP EBIT % margin    Sales     GAAP EBIT      Multiple    Growth        Multiple    Growth            EV           Comments

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Implied EV & multiple (output when backing out
                                                  Search & Other              $   224,532    $    125,184        55.8%   $ 290,748     $ 165,205     56.8%    13.8%        14.9%       10.2x        0.74x        18.0x        1.21x       $   2,969,724
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           other segments)
                                                  YouTube (Total)             $     64,343   $      7,690        12.0%   $    84,863   $    11,718   13.8%    14.8%        23.4%        4.9x        0.33x        35.6x        1.52x       $    416,588
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Inline with advertising & media peer group average
                                                  YouTube Ads                 $     40,367   $      6,665        16.5%   $    49,277   $     8,726   17.7%    10.5%        14.4%        2.6x        0.25x        14.8x        1.03x       $    129,192
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           multiple-to-growth*
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Inline with subscription streaming media peer
                                                  YouTube Non-Ads             $     23,976   $      1,025         4.3%   $    35,585   $     2,993   8.4%     21.8%            n/a      8.1x        0.37x         n/a         n/a         $    287,396
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           group average multiple-to-growth**
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           30% discount to current MSFT + AMZN avg.
                                                  Google Cloud                $     58,705   $     13,910        23.7%   $ 165,864     $    60,912   36.7%    68.1%       109.3%       17.0x        0.25x        46.4x        0.42x       $   2,823,360
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           EV/'27 Sales-to-Growth multiple
                                                  Network                     $     29,792   $      4,513        15.1%   $    28,475   $     4,112   14.4%     -2.2%          -4.5%     1.0x       -0.45x         6.9x       -1.52x       $     28,475     Inline with typical mature internet business
                                                  Other Google Services       $     24,054   $      2,017         8.4%   $    28,304   $    19,926   70.4%     8.5%       214.3%        5.6x        0.66x         8.0x        0.04x       $    159,410     Inline with typical mature internet business
                                                  Alphabet-Level Activities           n/a    $    (16,760)         n/a           n/a   $ (36,504)     n/a        n/a           n/a      n/a         n/a           8.0x        n/a         $    (292,034)   Inline with typical mature internet business
                                                  Enterprise Value                                                                                                                                                                        $   6,105,523
                                                  Net Debt (Cash)                                                                                                                                                                         $     (49,339)
                                                  Market Value (pre-tax & liquidity discount)                                                                                                                                             $   6,154,862
                                                  Discount                                                                                                                                                                                       -10.0%
                                                  Market Value                                                                                                                                                                            $   5,539,376
                                                  Diluted Share Count (NTM Ending)                                                                                                                                                               12,589
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Derived from our multiples-based valuation
                                                  Market Value per Share                                                                                                                                                                  $        440
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           methodology
                                                  % Upside/Downside                                                                                                                                                                                20%


                                                  *Advertising & media peer group consists of META, SNAP, PINS, RDDT, DIS, FOXA, ROKU, TTD; **Subscription streaming media peer group consists of NFLX & SPOT

                                                  Source: FactSet, Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                                              Key Risks




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                                              Key risks to our Buy rating include: a) competition for product utility levels and
                                                                                                              advertising dollars; b) headwinds to monetizable (product) search from industry
                                                                                                              disruption; c) shifting media consumption habits; d) heavy investments depress
                                                                                                              operating margins for longer than we forecast; e) no/low levels of incremental
                                                                                                              shareholder returns going forward; & f) regulatory scrutiny and industry practices
                                                                                                              altering the business model’s prospects. In addition, Alphabet is exposed to volatility
                                                                                                              caused by the global macroeconomic environment and investor risk appetite for growth
                                                                                                              stocks.


                                                                                                              Meta Platforms (META) - Maintain Buy Rating; Lower PT to $815 (from
                                                                                                              $830)
                                                                                                              We make no changes to our forward revenue estimates at this time - that said, we see
                                                                                                              META as well positioned to continue to compound core advertising revenue growth at




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                              well above industry averages as it capitalizes on many of the AI-driven secular tailwinds
                                                                                                              facing the overall industry (see above for details). We forecast total revenue growth of
                                                                                                              +26.8% YoY in Q2 (near the high end of its guidance range), +27.0% YoY in FY26 and
                                                                                                              growing at a ~21% 3-year CAGR through 2028. For expenses, we maintain our prior
                                                                                                              2026E capex estimates of ~$140bn (near the high end of its $125-145bn guidance
                                                                                                              range) but sizably increase our 2027 & beyond capex estimates (now expecting capex to
                                                                                                              grow at a ~44% 3-year CAGR through 2028, or spending a cumulative ~$534bn between
                                                                                                              2026-2028E) as we expect capital intensity to remain elevated in support of META’s
                                                                                                              long-term AI ambitions. We raise our D&A expense estimates to reflect this higher
                                                                                                              capex, partially offset by continued mitigation of non-D&A expense growth by the
                                                                                                              company.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               16
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                          Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 21: META - GSe Revenues, Capex, D&A and GAAP Expense Growth
                                                  $mm
                                                                                                                            2023               2024                   2025             2026E            2027E             2028E              2029E            2030E                2031E
                                                  Total Revenues                                                     $       134,901   $        164,500        $       200,965     $     255,176    $     306,411   $       357,336      $     407,352   $      456,193        $     503,692
                                                   % y/y growth                                                                15.7%              21.9%                  22.2%             27.0%            20.1%             16.6%              14.0%            12.0%                10.4%
                                                  Total Capex                                                        $        28,103   $         39,225        $        72,215     $     140,032    $     179,242   $       215,090      $     225,844   $      237,137        $     248,993
                                                   % y/y growth                                                               -12.3%              39.6%                  84.1%             93.9%            28.0%             20.0%               5.0%             5.0%                 5.0%
                                                   % capital intensity                                                         20.8%              23.8%                  35.9%             54.9%            58.5%             60.2%              55.4%            52.0%                49.4%
                                                  Total GAAP Expenses                                                $        88,150   $         95,120        $       117,689     $     164,686    $     199,601   $       238,993      $     278,050   $      317,063        $     349,834
                                                   % y/y growth                                                                 0.6%               7.9%                  23.7%             39.9%            21.2%             19.7%              16.3%            14.0%                10.3%
                                                   Total D&A                                                         $        11,177   $         15,498        $        18,616     $      35,956    $      57,683   $        82,696      $     106,931   $      130,422        $     148,089
                                                     % y/y growth                                                              28.7%              38.7%                  20.1%             93.1%            60.4%             43.4%              29.3%            22.0%                13.5%
                                                   Total GAAP Expenses (ex-D&A and one-timers)*                      $        71,609   $         79,772        $        99,073     $     128,730    $     141,918   $       156,298      $     171,119   $      186,641        $     201,745
                                                     % y/y growth                                                              -4.2%              11.4%                  24.2%             29.9%            10.2%             10.1%               9.5%             9.1%                 8.1%

                                                  *One-timers include reported restructuring charges & legal accruals of ~$5.4bn in 2023 and $(150)m in 2024

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 22: META - Summary of Estimates Changes
                                                  $mm, except per share values
                                                                                            Q2 2026                                                                2026                                                       2027                                      2028
                                                                             Old             New        % Change Guidance                       Old                New        % Change Guidance                Old            New        % Change        Old            New         % Change
                                                  DAPs (Total)                 3,619           3,619      0.0%                                    3,723              3,723      0.0%                             3,872          3,872      0.0%            4,027          4,027       0.0%
                                                  Family of Apps         $   59,779     $     59,779      0.0%                             $    252,530    $       252,530      0.0%                       $   303,236    $   303,236      0.0%      $   353,606    $   353,606       0.0%
                                                   Advertising (Total)   $   58,847     $     58,847      0.0%                             $    248,665    $       248,665      0.0%                       $   298,597    $   298,597      0.0%      $   348,272    $   348,272       0.0%
                                                   Other                 $       933    $        933      0.0%                             $      3,865    $         3,865      0.0%                       $     4,638    $     4,638      0.0%      $     5,334    $     5,334       0.0%
                                                  Reality Labs           $       463    $        463      0.0%                             $      2,646    $         2,646      0.0%                       $     3,175    $     3,175      0.0%      $     3,731    $     3,731       0.0%
                                                  Total Revenues         $    60,242    $     60,242      0.0%   $58-61bn                  $    255,176    $       255,176      0.0%                       $   306,411    $   306,411      0.0%      $   357,336    $   357,336       0.0%
                                                  Total GAAP Expenses    $   40,265     $     40,265      0.0%                             $    164,686    $       164,686      0.0%   $162-169bn          $   201,973    $   199,601      -1.2%     $   238,923    $   238,993       0.0%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Operating Income       $   19,977     $     19,977      0.0%                             $     90,490    $        90,490      0.0%                       $   104,438    $   106,810      2.3%      $   118,413    $   118,343       -0.1%
                                                  % OI margin                  33.2%           33.2%      0 bps                                   35.5%              35.5%      0 bps                            34.1%          34.9%     77 bps           33.1%          33.1%      -2 bps
                                                   Family of Apps OI     $   24,507     $     24,507      0.0%                             $    109,501    $       109,501      0.0%                       $   122,498    $   124,870      1.9%      $   135,571    $   135,500       -0.1%
                                                   Reality Labs          $    (4,530)   $     (4,530)     0.0%                             $    (19,011)   $       (19,011)     0.0%                       $   (18,060)   $   (18,060)     0.0%      $   (17,157)   $   (17,157)      0.0%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA            $    29,962    $     29,962      0.0%                             $    126,446    $       126,446      0.0%                       $   161,041    $   164,493      2.1%      $   197,055    $   201,038       2.0%
                                                  Capex                  $    38,277    $     38,277      0.0%                             $    140,032    $       140,032      0.0%   $125-145bn          $   170,840    $   179,242      4.9%      $   191,340    $   215,090      12.4%
                                                  GAAP EPS               $      6.75    $       6.75      0.0%                             $      33.28    $         33.28      0.0%                       $     34.94    $     35.69      2.2%      $     39.24    $     39.04       -0.5%


                                                  Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 23: META - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per share values
                                                                                                                Q2 2026                                                                   2026                                                               2027
                                                                                              GS Est         Cons Est % GS vs. Cons                              GS Est             Cons Est % GS vs. Cons                             GS Est        Cons Est % GS vs. Cons
                                                  DAPs (Total)                                   3,619           3,615    0.1%                                     3,723               3,686     1.0%                                    3,872          3,817     1.4%
                                                  Family of Apps                            $ 59,779        $ 59,903      -0.2%                                $ 252,530           $ 251,203     0.5%                                $ 303,236      $ 301,098     0.7%
                                                   Advertising (Total)                      $ 58,847        $ 59,035      -0.3%                                $ 248,665           $ 247,345     0.5%                                $ 298,597      $ 295,647     1.0%
                                                   Other                                    $      933      $      868    7.5%                                 $   3,865           $   3,859     0.2%                                $   4,638      $   5,452    -14.9%
                                                  Reality Labs                              $      463      $      421    9.9%                                 $   2,646           $   2,418     9.4%                                $   3,175      $   2,809    13.0%
                                                  Total Revenues                            $ 60,242        $ 60,324      -0.1%                                $ 255,176           $ 253,621     0.6%                                $ 306,411      $ 303,908     0.8%
                                                  Total GAAP Expenses                       $ 40,265        $ 38,876      3.6%                                 $ 164,686           $ 163,206     0.9%                                $ 199,601      $ 199,102     0.3%
                                                  Operating Income                          $ 19,977        $ 21,448      -6.9%                                $ 90,490            $ 90,415      0.1%                                $ 106,810      $ 104,806     1.9%
                                                  % OI margin                                   33.2%           35.6%   -239 bps                                   35.5%               35.6%    -19 bps                                  34.9%          34.5%    37 bps




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                   Family of Apps OI                        $ 24,507        $ 26,285      -6.8%                                $ 109,501           $ 109,918     -0.4%                               $ 124,870      $ 124,170     0.6%
                                                   Reality Labs                             $   (4,530)     $   (5,008)   9.5%                                 $ (19,011)          $ (20,151)    5.7%                                $ (18,060)     $ (19,762)    8.6%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA                               $ 29,962        $ 28,293      5.9%                                 $ 126,446           $ 119,304     6.0%                                $ 164,493      $ 147,698    11.4%
                                                  Capex                                     $ 38,277        $ 33,547     14.1%                                 $ 140,032           $ 135,112     3.6%                                $ 179,242      $ 160,098    12.0%
                                                  GAAP EPS                                  $     6.75      $     7.19    -6.2%                                $   33.28           $   33.11     0.5%                                $   35.69      $   35.03     1.9%

                                                  Source: Company data, Visible Alpha Consensus Data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                                        Our $815, 12-month price target (from $830 prior) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                                        EV/GAAP EBIT multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF
                                                                                                        using an EV/FCF-SBC multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                                        years. Specifically:

                                                                                                        n     26.0x EV/GAAP EBIT (from 24.0x prior) or 2.28x EV/GAAP EBIT-to-growth (from
                                                                                                              2.29x prior) applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates. We apply a 26.0x multiple to
                                                                                                              maintain our prior ~2.3x multiple-to-growth.
                                                                                                        n     45.0x EV/FCF-SBC (from 40.0x prior) or 2.25x EV/FCF-SBC-to-growth (from 2.00x
                                                                                                              prior) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at 12%
                                                                                                              (unchanged). We apply a 45.0x multiple to reflect META’s 2-year historical average
                                                                                                              multiple of ~45x. The discount rate represents CAPM using the blended average of
                                                                                                              companies within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on
                                                                                                              the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of

                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                             17
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                    Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                                             7%.


                                                                                        Exhibit 24: META Valuation Analysis
                                                                                        $mm, except per share values
                                                                                         Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                                   Downside            Base           Upside
                                                                                         Valuation                              $          390    $          815 $        1,035
                                                                                           % upside/downside                             -35%               36%            72%
                                                                                         GAAP EBIT (NTM)                         $     72,322     $       94,682 $     103,607
                                                                                           EBIT Margin %                                29.5%              35.5%          36.0%
                                                                                         GAAP EBIT (NTM + 1 year)                $     87,193     $      109,933 $     124,039
                                                                                           EBIT Margin %                                30.5%              34.6%          35.5%
                                                                                         EV / GAAP EBIT                                  15.0x              26.0x          28.0x
                                                                                         EBIT CAGR                                      -0.8%              11.4%          18.3%
                                                                                         EV / GAAP EBIT to Growth                           n/a             2.28x          1.53x
                                                                                         Enterprise Value                        $ 1,307,892      $    2,858,257 $ 3,473,100
                                                                                         FCF-SBC (NTM + 4 years)                 $     30,334     $       40,392 $       49,001
                                                                                           FCF % of Sales                                 6.5%              8.7%          10.5%
                                                                                         EV / FCF-SBC                                    32.0x              45.0x          50.0x
                                                                                         FCF-SBC CAGR                                 -333.0%              20.0%        -373.4%
                                                                                         EV / FCF-SBC-to-Growth                 n/a                         2.25x n/a
                                                                                         Discount Rate                                  15.0%              12.0%          10.0%
                                                                                         Discount Period (Years)                              3                 3              3
                                                                                         Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)        $    970,681     $    1,817,652 $ 2,450,037
                                                                                         Discounted Enterprise Value             $   638,239      $    1,293,769 $ 1,840,749
                                                                                         Weightings
                                                                                           EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                      50%              50%            50%
                                                                                           EV derived from (FCF-SBC)                        50%              50%            50%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                         Enterprise Value                       $       973,065 $      2,076,013 $    2,656,924
                                                                                         Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                                         Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending         $        (32,285) $      (32,285) $     (32,285)
                                                                                         Dividends                              $          5,431 $         5,431 $        5,431
                                                                                         Adj. Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending              2,599           2,599          2,599

                                                                                        Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                        Key Risks

                                                                                        Key risks to our Buy rating include: 1) Competition for user growth, user engagement &
                                                                                        advertising dollars across an array of incumbent and emerging Internet, media and
                                                                                        commerce companies; 2) Large investments in long-tailed initiatives depress operating
                                                                                        margins for longer than we forecast; 3) No/low levels of incremental shareholder returns
                                                                                        going forward; 4) Regulatory scrutiny and industry practices altering the business
                                                                                        model’s prospects; 5) Potential antitrust scrutiny could prove to be a headwind to M&A
                                                                                        aspirations (to add talent and product innovation inorganically) and/or result in a




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                        break-up or dis-synergies of prior period M&A activity; & 6) Inability to monetize upside
                                                                                        opportunities (messaging layer, social commerce/shopping, Oculus/Metaverse). In
                                                                                        addition, Meta is exposed to volatility caused by the global macroeconomic
                                                                                        environment & investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                                        AppLovin (APP) - Maintain Neutral Rating & PT of $585
                                                                                        We make no changes to our forward operating estimates at this time.

                                                  Exhibit 25: APP - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share values
                                                                                                    Q2 2026                                            2026                                          2027
                                                                                                                 % GS vs.                                          % GS vs.                                   % GS vs.
                                                                                        GS Est      Cons Est                            GS Est        Cons Est                         GS Est    Cons Est
                                                                                                                  Cons                                              Cons                                       Cons
                                                    Total Revenue                   $     1,933    $    1,946        -0.7%          $     8,046   $      8,260         -2.6%       $    10,169   $   10,770       -5.6%
                                                    GAAP Gross Profit               $     1,725    $    1,726         0.0%          $     7,169   $      7,339         -2.3%       $     9,058   $    9,614       -5.8%
                                                    Gross Margin                          89.2%         88.7%       55 bps                89.1%          88.8%        25 bps             89.1%        89.3%     -20 bps
                                                    Adj. EBITDA                     $     1,632    $    1,645        -0.8%          $     6,804   $      6,984         -2.6%       $     8,651   $    9,069       -4.6%
                                                    Adj EBITDA Margin                     84.4%         84.5%       -9 bps                84.6%          84.6%          0 bps            85.1%        84.2%      86 bps
                                                    GAAP EPS                        $      3.80    $     3.77         0.8%          $     15.94   $      16.24         -1.8%       $     21.08   $    21.89       -3.7%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                        Our $585 12-month price target (unchanged) is based on an equal blend of (1) EV/GAAP


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                             18
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                  Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                  EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using
                                                                  EV/FCF-SBC multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years.
                                                                  Specifically:

                                                                  n    22.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) or 0.65x EV/GAAP EBITDA-to-growth
                                                                       (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                  n    20.0x EV/FCF-SBC (unchanged) or 0.89x EV/FCF-SBC (unchanged) applied to our
                                                                       NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at 12% (unchanged). The discount
                                                                       rate represents CAPM using the blended average of companies within our coverage
                                                                       universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on the normalized 10-year rate);
                                                                       (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of 7%.


                                                                  Exhibit 26: APP Valuation Analysis
                                                                  $mm, except per share data
                                                                   Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                        Downside       Base          Upside
                                                                   Valuation                            $     325    $     585     $     775
                                                                   % upside/downside                         -40%           8%           43%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                   GAAP EBITDA (NTM)                    $   5,836    $   6,914     $   7,696
                                                                     EBITDA Margin %                        76.0%        81.0%         82.0%
                                                                   GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 1 year)           $   7,425    $   8,750     $   9,809
                                                                     EBITDA Margin %                        79.0%        81.9%         82.0%
                                                                   EV / GAAP EBITDA                          14.0x        22.0x         28.0x
                                                                   EBITDA CAGR                                23%          34%           41%
                                                                   EV / GAAP EBITDA to Growth                0.61x        0.65x         0.67x
                                                                   Enterprise Value                     $ 103,956    $ 192,501     $ 274,664
                                                                   FCF-SBC (NTM + 4 years)              $ 11,616     $ 13,438      $ 13,582
                                                                     FCF % of Sales                         65.0%        75.2%         76.0%
                                                                   EV / FCF-SBC                              14.0x        20.0x         23.0x
                                                                   FCF-SBC CAGR                               17%          23%           23%
                                                                   EV / FCF-SBC-to-Growth                    0.84x        0.89x         1.00x
                                                                   Discount Rate                              15%          12%           10%
                                                                   Discount Period (Years)                       3            3             3
                                                                   Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)     $ 162,631    $ 268,763     $ 312,394
                                                                   Discounted Enterprise Value          $ 106,933    $ 191,300     $ 234,707
                                                                   Weightings
                                                                     EV derived from GAAP EBITDA              50%       50%       50%
                                                                     EV derived from FCF-SBC                  50%       50%       50%
                                                                   Enterprise Value                     $ 105,444 $ 191,901 $ 254,685




                                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                   Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                   Net Debt - NTM Ending                $   (2,852) $    (2,852) $     (2,852)
                                                                   Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending            333.4        333.4         333.4

                                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                  Key Risks: data privacy and regulation could impact the effectiveness of APP’s ad tech
                                                                  platform and topline growth; third-party app distribution channel technical
                                                                  requirements/policies could potentially impact the company’s growth outlook; any
                                                                  changes in the competitive environment could impact mgmt’s ability to execute; & the
                                                                  global macroeconomic environment.


                                                                  Reddit (RDDT) - Maintain Neutral Rating; Raise PT to $220 (from $200)
                                                                  We raise our forward revenue growth estimates driven by both higher users (with the
                                                                  platform seeing positive user growth trends in Q2 - see above for details) and
                                                                  advertising ARPU (as we have greater confidence in RDDT’s ability to scale core ads
                                                                  monetization over the next several years). Our higher EBITDA estimates are primarily a
                                                                  result of our higher topline growth estimates (with the expectation that RDDT will
                                                                  continue to flow through core ads + data licensing revenues at high incremental
                                                                  marigns).


                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                              19
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                              Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 27: RDDT - GSe Revenue Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm
                                                            RDDT: Total Revenues       1Q25     2Q25     3Q25     4Q25     1Q26     2Q26E    3Q26E    4Q26E    1Q27E     2Q27E    3Q27E   4Q27E                           2025    2026E    2027E    2028E
                                                             Prior GSe               $    392 $    500 $    585 $    726 $    663 $    722 $    769 $    935 $     853 $    929 $    990 $ 1,206                         $ 2,203 $ 3,090 $ 3,978 $ 4,862
                                                              % QoQ                     -8.3%    27.3%    17.1%    24.1%    -8.6%     8.8%     6.5%    21.6%     -8.9%     8.9%     6.6%   21.9%                              n/a      n/a      n/a      n/a
                                                              % YoY                     61.5%    77.7%    67.9%    69.7%    69.1%    44.5%    31.5%    28.9%     28.5%    28.6%    28.7%   28.9%                           69.4%    40.3%    28.7%    22.2%
                                                             New GSe                 $    392 $    500 $    585 $    726 $    663 $    722 $    796 $    977 $     865 $    942 $ 1,041 $ 1,279                          $ 2,203 $ 3,159 $ 4,127 $ 5,125
                                                              % QoQ                     -8.3%    27.3%    17.1%    24.1%    -8.6%     8.8%    10.3%    22.6%    -11.4%     8.9%    10.4%   22.9%                              n/a      n/a      n/a      n/a
                                                              % YoY                     61.5%    77.7%    67.9%    69.7%    69.1%    44.5%    36.2%    34.6%     30.4%    30.5%    30.7%   30.9%                           69.4%    43.4%    30.7%    24.2%
                                                             % change                                                                 0.0%     3.6%     4.4%      1.5%     1.5%     5.1%    6.0%                                     2.2%     3.8%     5.4%


                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                                                                   Exhibit 28: Reddit - Total Revenue Breakdown (GSe)
                                                                                                   $mm

                                                                                                       $9,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                            $192
                                                                                                       $8,000
                                                                                                                                                                                               $184
                                                                                                       $7,000
                                                                                                                                                                                  $177
                                                                                                       $6,000
                                                                                                                                                                      $170
                                                                                                       $5,000
                                                                                                                                                         $163
                                                                                                       $4,000                                                                                               $7,862
                                                                                                                                            $156
                                                                                                                                                                                               $6,897
                                                                                                       $3,000                                                                     $5,945
                                                                                                                                $141
                                                                                                                                                                    $4,955
                                                                                                       $2,000        $115                             $3,964
                                                                                                                                           $3,003




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                                       $1,000                   $2,062
                                                                                                                     $1,185
                                                                                                            $-
                                                                                                                     2024       2025       2026E      2027E         2028E         2029E        2030E        2031E

                                                                                                                                       Advertising Revenues         Other Revenues




                                                                                                   Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 29: RDDT - Summary of Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm, except per-share values
                                                                                             Q2 2026                                                         2026                                              2027                                        2028

                                                                               Old           New       % Change         Guidance                Old          New       % Change                Old          New       % Change                Old          New      % Change
                                                  DAUqs (Total)                 131.3          131.3         0%                                  140.3        140.3        0%                   153.7        153.7      0%                     164.9        164.9     0%
                                                   US DAUqs                      54.5           54.5         0%                                   56.5         56.5        0%                    59.9         59.9      0%                      63.1         63.1     0%
                                                   Int’l DAUqs                   76.8           76.8         0%                                   83.8         83.8        0%                    93.8         93.8      0%                     101.8        101.8     0%
                                                  Revenues (Total)         $     722     $      722          0%     $715-725m               $   3,090    $   3,159         2%              $   3,978    $   4,127       4%               $    4,862    $   5,125       5%
                                                   US Revenues             $     581     $      581          0%                             $   2,433    $   2,502         3%              $   3,025    $   3,174       5%               $    3,557    $   3,820       7%
                                                   Int'l Revenues          $     141     $      141          0%                             $     657    $     657         0%              $     953    $     953       0%               $    1,305    $   1,305       0%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA              $     174     $      174          0%                             $     846    $     906         7%              $   1,330    $   1,449       9%               $    1,794    $   1,998      11%
                                                  % margin                     24.1%          24.1%        0 bps                                27.4%        28.7%      128 bps                33.4%        35.1%     166 bps                 36.9%        39.0%    208 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA              $     293     $      293          0%     $285-295m               $   1,344    $   1,403         4%              $   1,877    $   1,996       6%               $    2,396    $   2,599       9%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  % margin                     40.5%          40.5%        0 bps                                43.5%        44.4%       93 bps                47.2%        48.4%     116 bps                 49.3%        50.7%    144 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS                 $    0.93     $     0.92         -1%                             $    4.47    $    4.73         6%              $    6.53    $    7.03       8%               $     8.30    $    9.12      10%
                                                  Adj. EPS                 $    1.53     $     1.52         -1%                             $    6.99    $    7.24         4%              $    9.26    $    9.74       5%               $    11.27    $   12.07       7%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 30: RDDT - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share values
                                                                                                                   Q2 2026                                                                 2026                                                     2027

                                                                                     GS Est    Cons Est % GS vs. Cons    Guidance                                       GS Est      Cons Est % GS vs. Cons                         GS Est     Cons Est % GS vs. Cons
                                                  DAUqs (Total)                         131.3     130.1      1%                                                            140.3       135.8      3%                                  153.7      152.8      1%
                                                   US DAUqs                               54.5     54.1      1%                                                             56.5         55.4     2%                                   59.9        59.4     1%
                                                   Int’l DAUqs                            76.8     76.0      1%                                                             83.8         80.4     4%                                   93.8        93.4     0%
                                                  Revenues (Total)                 $     722 $     726       -1%      $715-725m                                       $ 3,159       $ 3,219      -2%                             $ 4,127      $ 4,251       -3%
                                                   US Revenues                     $     581 $     567       3%                                                       $ 2,502       $ 2,517      -1%                             $ 3,174      $ 3,260       -3%
                                                   Int'l Revenues                  $      141 $    159      -12%                                                      $     657     $    701     -6%                             $     953    $    991      -4%
                                                  Adj. EBITDA                      $      293 $    298       -2%      $285-295m                                       $ 1,403       $ 1,418      -1%                             $ 1,996      $ 1,966       2%
                                                  % margin                             40.5%     41.0%     -44 bps                                                       44.4%        44.0%     37 bps                              48.4%       46.3%     211 bps
                                                  Adj. EPS                         $     1.52 $   1.50       2%                                                       $    7.24     $   7.10      2%                             $    9.74    $   9.30      5%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                                   Our $220 12-month price target (from $200 prior) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                                   EV/Sales multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using an
                                                                                                   EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                                   years. Specifically:

                                                                                                       n     8.0x EV/Sales (unchanged) or 0.25x EV/Sales-to-growth (from 0.27x prior) applied

                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                             20
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                 Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                       to our NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                  n    21.5x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) or 0.84x EV/GAAP EBITDA-to-growth (from
                                                                       0.93x prior) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at 12%
                                                                       (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM using the blended average of
                                                                       companies within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on
                                                                       the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of
                                                                       7%.


                                                                  Exhibit 31: RDDT Valuation Analysis
                                                                  $mm, except per-share values
                                                                   Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                Downside          Base             Upside
                                                                   Valuation                                  $       130     $          220 $           270
                                                                     % upside/downside                               -35%               10%             34%
                                                                   Sales (NTM)                                $     3,024     $        3,360 $         3,696
                                                                     Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -10%          -                    10%
                                                                   Sales (NTM + 1 year)                       $     3,815     $        4,335   $       4,855
                                                                     Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -12%          -                    12%
                                                                   EV / Sales                                          4.5x           8.0x              10.0x
                                                                   Sales CAGR                                       24.2%           32.4%              40.1%
                                                                   EV / Sales to Growth                              0.19x           0.25x              0.25x
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $    17,166     $    34,679      $     48,551




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                   GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                $     2,695     $     3,084      $       3,132
                                                                     EBITDA Margin %                                37.0%           42.3%              43.0%
                                                                   EV / EBITDA                                       16.0x           21.5x              23.0x
                                                                   EBITDA CAGR                                      20.0%           25.5%              26.2%
                                                                   EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                             0.80x           0.84x              0.88x
                                                                   Discount Rate                                    15.0%           12.0%              10.0%
                                                                   Discount Period (Years)                                3              3                  3
                                                                   Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $    43,118     $    66,316      $     72,033
                                                                   Discounted Enterprise Value                $    28,351     $    47,202      $     54,119
                                                                   Weightings
                                                                     EV derived from Sales                            50%             50%                50%
                                                                     EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                      50%             50%                50%
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $    22,758 $        40,941 $           51,335
                                                                   Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                   Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $     (4,042) $       (4,042) $         (4,042)
                                                                   Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending            205             205               205


                                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                  Key Risks

                                                                  Key risks (what would make us more or less constructive): 1) headwinds to advertiser
                                                                  demand (driven by platform policy changes, macroeconomic conditions & competition)




                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  deviate from our current expectations (either persist for longer or recover faster vs. our
                                                                  modeling); 2) competition for user growth, user engagement and advertising dollars
                                                                  across an array of incumbent and emerging Internet, media and commerce companies;
                                                                  3) ability to capitalize on global user growth opportunity; 4) margin puts/takes (to the
                                                                  positive: ARPU growth, high incremental gross margins, low total non-GAAP opex
                                                                  growth; to the negative: AI/ML investments, investments in product innovation,
                                                                  stock-based compensation); 5) the regulatory environment of all media platforms with
                                                                  respect to user data/privacy; 6) potential overhang from the expiration of
                                                                  employee/shareholder lock-ups; & 7) execution against monetization of growth
                                                                  initiatives (data licensing, direct-response advertising, international monetization,
                                                                  developer platform, etc.). In addition, Reddit is exposed to volatility caused by the global
                                                                  macroeconomic environment & investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                  Unity (U) - Maintain Neutral Rating & PT of $34
                                                                  We make no changes to our forward operating estimates at this time.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                             21
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                        Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 32: U - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share values
                                                                                                   Q2 2026                                                2026                                           2027
                                                                        GS Est         Cons Est     % GS vs. Cons     Guidance         GS Est          Cons Est    % GS vs. Cons         GS Est       Cons Est    % GS vs. Cons
                                                  Total Revenues      $       511    $        515         -1%        $505-515m       $    2,150      $     2,131         1%            $    2,613   $     2,426         8%
                                                   Create Solutions   $      157     $        158         -1%                        $       648     $        649        0%            $      710   $       711         0%
                                                   Grow Solutions     $      355     $        356          0%                        $    1,502      $     1,486         1%            $    1,903   $     1,711        11%
                                                  Adj. EBITDA         $       134    $        136         -1%        $130-135m       $       596     $        595        0%            $      865   $       762        14%
                                                  % margin                 26.1%           26.3%        -18 bps                           27.7%            27.9%      -21 bps               33.1%         31.4%      171 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS            $     (0.03)   $      (0.09)        66%                        $     (0.69)    $      (0.86)      19%            $     1.02   $      0.51       100%
                                                  Adj. EPS            $      0.32    $       0.25         29%                        $      1.30     $       1.05       24%            $     1.82   $      1.28        43%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                         Our $34 12-month price target (unchanged) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                         EV/Sales multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using an
                                                                                         EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                         years. Specifically:

                                                                                         n     6.0x EV/Sales (unchanged) or 0.32x EV/Sales-to-growth (unchanged) applied to our
                                                                                               NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                         n     23.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) or 1.00x EV/GAAP EBITDA-to-growth
                                                                                               (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at 12%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                               (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM using the blended average of
                                                                                               companies within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on
                                                                                               the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of
                                                                                               7%.


                                                                                         Exhibit 33: U Valuation Analysis
                                                                                         $mm, except per-share values
                                                                                          Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                                       Downside          Base              Upside
                                                                                          Valuation                                  $         20    $            34 $           47
                                                                                            % upside/downside                               -33%                15%            59%
                                                                                          Sales (NTM)                                $     2,023     $         2,248 $        2,473
                                                                                            Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -10%           -                   10%
                                                                                          Sales (NTM + 1 year)                       $     2,382     $         2,707   $      3,032
                                                                                            Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -12%           -                   12%
                                                                                          EV / Sales                                          3.5x            6.0x              8.3x
                                                                                          Sales CAGR                                       11.3%            18.6%             25.6%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                          EV / Sales to Growth                              0.31x            0.32x             0.32x
                                                                                          Enterprise Value                           $     8,337     $     16,241      $     25,011
                                                                                          GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                $       941     $      1,021      $      1,059
                                                                                            EBITDA Margin %                                24.0%            26.0%             27.0%
                                                                                          EV / EBITDA                                       17.0x            23.0x             26.0x
                                                                                          EBITDA CAGR                                      19.6%            22.9%             24.4%
                                                                                          EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                             0.87x            1.00x             1.07x
                                                                                          Discount Rate                                    15.0%            12.0%             10.0%
                                                                                          Discount Period (Years)                                3               3                 3
                                                                                          Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $    15,996     $     23,480      $     27,523
                                                                                          Discounted Enterprise Value                $    10,518     $     16,713      $     20,679
                                                                                          Weightings
                                                                                            EV derived from Sales                             50%             50%               50%
                                                                                            EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                       50%             50%               50%
                                                                                          Enterprise Value                           $      9,427 $        16,477 $          22,845
                                                                                          Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                                          Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $       (614) $           (614) $         (614)
                                                                                          Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending             498               498             498


                                                                                         Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                         Key Risks

                                                                                         The key risks to our Neutral rating (what would make us more or less constructive)
                                                                                         include: 1) forward growth outlook within its Grow segment (to the upside: driven by
                                                                                         Vector; to the downside: continued competition from other ads monetization
                                                                                         platforms); 2) TAM realization across both its Create/Growth segments; 3)
                                                                                         macroeconomic environment for global gaming and in-app purchase/advertising spend;
                                                                                         & 4) level of investments into key growth initiatives (limiting profitability) and/or derived

                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                22
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                                                   cost savings/synergies from strong margin profile without compromising growth. In
                                                                                                   addition, Unity is exposed to the volatility caused by the global macroeconomic
                                                                                                   environment & investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                                                   Pinterest (PINS) - Maintain Buy Rating & PT of $28
                                                                                                   We modestly lower our Q2 MAU growth estimates to better reflect typical seasonality
                                                                                                   (softness in summer months at quarter end), which lowers our forward revenue and
                                                                                                   operating income estimates.

                                                  Exhibit 34: PINS - Summary of Estimates Changes
                                                  $mm, except per-share values
                                                                                      Q2 2026                                                           2026                                      2027                                   2028
                                                                       Old             New         % Change          Guidance              Old          New       % Change           Old          New       % Change        Old          New       % Change
                                                  MAUs                    642               638       -1%                                     675           675      0%                 726           726       0%             775           775      0%
                                                   US & Canada             107              106       0%                                      109           109      0%                 113           113       0%             117           117      0%
                                                   Europe                  157              157       0%                                      165           165      0%                 173           173       0%             179           179      0%
                                                   Rest of World           378              375       -1%                                     401           401      0%                 441           441       0%             478           478      0%
                                                  Total Revenues   $    1,144     $      1,139        0%         $1,133-1,153m         $    4,808   $     4,803      0%         $     5,410   $     5,400       0%      $    6,008   $     5,993      0%
                                                   US & Canada     $       841    $         837       0%                               $    3,520   $     3,516      0%         $     3,859   $     3,850       0%      $    4,182   $     4,167      0%
                                                   Europe          $       222    $         222       0%                               $      923   $       923      0%         $     1,090   $     1,090       0%      $    1,263   $     1,263      0%
                                                   Rest of World   $        81    $          80       -1%                              $      365   $       364      0%         $       461   $       461       0%      $      563   $       562      0%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA      $         3    $          (1)       n/a                             $      314   $       311      -1%        $       546   $       538      -1%      $      703   $       691      -2%
                                                  % margin               0.2%            -0.1%      -32 bps                                  6.5%          6.5%    -7 bps             10.1%         10.0%    -12 bps         11.7%         11.5%    -17 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA      $       272    $         268       -1%          $256-276m           $    1,394   $     1,390      0%         $     1,641   $     1,633       0%      $    1,885   $     1,873      -1%
                                                  % margin              23.8%            23.5%      -23 bps                                 29.0%         28.9%    -5 bps             30.3%         30.2%     -9 bps         31.4%         31.2%    -12 bps




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  GAAP EPS         $     (0.02)   $       (0.02)     -38%                              $     0.40   $      0.40      -1%        $      0.77   $      0.76      -2%      $     1.01   $      0.99      -2%
                                                  Adj. EPS         $      0.36    $        0.35       -1%                              $     1.84   $      1.84      0%         $      2.26   $      2.25       0%      $     2.59   $      2.57      -1%


                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 35: PINS - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per share values
                                                                                                           Q2 2026                                                           2026                                                 2027
                                                                         GS Est                Cons Est       % GS vs. Cons        Guidance               GS Est         Cons Est     % GS vs. Cons              GS Est       Cons Est      % GS vs. Cons
                                                  MAUs                        638                    636            0%                                         675             662          2%                        726           702           4%
                                                   US & Canada                106                    106            0%                                         109             108          1%                        113           110           3%
                                                   Europe                     157                    157            0%                                         165             163          1%                        173           170           2%
                                                   Rest of World              375                    373            1%                                         401             391          3%                        441           422           5%
                                                  Total Revenues       $    1,139            $     1,146           -1%           $1,133-1,153m          $    4,803     $     4,859         -1%                 $    5,400   $     5,480          -1%
                                                   US & Canada         $      837            $       833            0%                                  $    3,516     $     3,539         -1%                 $    3,850   $     3,872          -1%
                                                   Europe              $      222                    225           -1%                                  $      923             929         -1%                 $    1,090         1,088           0%
                                                   Rest of World       $        80                    88           -9%                                  $      364             391         -7%                 $      461           520         -11%
                                                  Adj. EBITDA          $      268            $       271           -1%            $256-276m             $    1,390     $     1,420         -2%                 $    1,633   $     1,647          -1%
                                                  % margin                  23.5%                  23.6%         -9 bps                                      28.9%           29.2%       -28 bps                    30.2%         30.1%        19 bps
                                                  Adj. EPS             $     0.35            $      0.42          -16%                                  $     1.84     $      2.14        -14%                 $     2.25   $      2.59         -13%

                                                  Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data, Company data

                                                                                                   Our $28, 12-month price target (unchanged) is based on an equal blend of (1) an




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                   EV/Sales multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using an
                                                                                                   EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                                   years. Specifically:

                                                                                                   n     3.0x EV/Sales (unchanged) or 0.24x EV/Sales-to-growth (unchanged) applied to our
                                                                                                         NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                                   n     18.5x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) or 0.82x EV/GAAP EBITDA-to-growth (from
                                                                                                         0.80x prior) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at 12%
                                                                                                         (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM using the blended average of
                                                                                                         companies within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on
                                                                                                         the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of
                                                                                                         7%.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                            23
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                  Exhibit 36: PINS Valuation Analysis
                                                                  $mm, except per share values
                                                                   Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                Downside          Base             Upside
                                                                   Valuation                                  $         15    $           28 $           40
                                                                     % upside/downside                               -33%               26%            80%
                                                                   Sales (NTM)                                $     4,440     $        4,933 $        5,426
                                                                     Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -10%          -                   10%
                                                                   Sales (NTM + 1 year)                       $     4,860     $        5,523   $      6,186
                                                                     Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -12%          -                   12%
                                                                   EV / Sales                                          1.3x           3.0x              4.5x
                                                                   Sales CAGR                                         5.4%          12.4%             18.9%
                                                                   EV / Sales to Growth                              0.23x           0.24x             0.24x
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $     6,076     $    16,570      $     27,837
                                                                   GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                $        955    $     1,030      $      1,102
                                                                     EBITDA Margin %                                13.0%           14.0%             15.0%
                                                                   EV / EBITDA                                       15.0x           18.5x             20.0x
                                                                   EBITDA CAGR                                      19.6%           22.7%             25.5%
                                                                   EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                             0.76x           0.82x             0.79x
                                                                   Discount Rate                                    15.0%           12.0%             10.0%
                                                                   Discount Period (Years)                                3              3                 3
                                                                   Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $    14,332     $    19,064      $     22,049
                                                                   Discounted Enterprise Value                $     9,423     $    13,569      $     16,565
                                                                   Weightings
                                                                     EV derived from Sales                             50%            50%               50%
                                                                     EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                       50%            50%               50%
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $      7,749 $       15,069 $          22,201
                                                                   Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                   Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $       (547) $          (547) $         (547)
                                                                   Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending             568              568             568




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                  Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                  Key Risks

                                                                  Key risks to our Buy rating: a) Current macroeconomic headwinds sustain and/or are
                                                                  more severe than expected, weighing on ad spend growth/budgets over the next several
                                                                  quarters; b) MAU growth fails to stabilize and/or continues to trend lower
                                                                  post-pandemic; c) international monetization deviates from our expectations in timing &
                                                                  magnitude due to a number of factors (competition, macro & geopolitical risks to ad
                                                                  spend, execution of international sales force, etc.); d) execution risk against its
                                                                  shopping/full-funnel commerce opportunity due to competition, lack of advertiser/user
                                                                  adoption of the social commerce category and/or internal execution risk; & e) increased
                                                                  regulatory scrutiny of all media/eCommerce platforms with respect to user data/privacy.
                                                                  In addition, Pinterest is exposed to volatility caused by the global macroeconomic




                                                                                                                                                                                               455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  environment and investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                  Snap (SNAP) - Maintain Neutral Rating; Lower PT to $6.00 (from $7.00)
                                                                  We make modest changes to our forward revenue growth estimates, including a slight
                                                                  increase for FY2026 but stable-to-slightly lower FY2027 & beyond revenue estimates.
                                                                  Further, we lower our long-term profitability estimates to reflect continued investments
                                                                  in a number of future growth opportunities (AI/ML, product development, Specs and
                                                                  AR/VR initiatives, etc.) that we expect to weigh on medium-term profitability.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                            24
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                    Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 37: SNAP - Summary of Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                        Q2 2026                                                        2026                                          2027                                         2028
                                                                         Old             New         % Change       Guide               Old            New        % Change            Old            New       % Change            Old            New        % Change
                                                  DAUs (Total)                488              488         0%                               498            498        0%                   518           518       0%                  538             538       0%
                                                  Revenues (Total)   $    1,534     $      1,534           0%    $1,520-1,550m      $    6,561     $    6,608         1%         $      7,287    $    7,267        0%         $     8,009     $     7,946       -1%
                                                   NA Revenues       $      874     $         874          0%                       $    3,710     $    3,727         0%         $      4,042    $    4,004       -1%         $     4,385     $     4,305       -2%
                                                   Europe Revenues   $      321     $         321          0%                       $    1,340     $    1,370         2%         $      1,474    $    1,507        2%         $     1,592     $     1,628        2%
                                                   ROW Revenues      $      339     $         339          0%                       $    1,511     $    1,511         0%         $      1,771    $    1,755       -1%         $     2,032     $     2,013       -1%
                                                  Gross Profit       $      869     $         869          0%                       $    3,817     $    3,856         1%         $      4,408    $    4,381       -1%         $     4,993     $     4,914       -2%
                                                   Gross Margin %         56.7%            56.7%         0 bps                           58.2%          58.4%       18 bps              60.5%         60.3%     -19 bps             62.3%           61.8%     -49 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA        $       187    $         187          0%     $175-200m         $    1,237     $    1,276         3%         $      1,747    $    1,579      -10%         $     2,027     $     1,844       -9%
                                                   % margin               12.2%            12.2%         0 bps                           18.9%          19.3%       46 bps              24.0%         21.7%    -224 bps             25.3%           23.2%    -210 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS           $     (0.16)   $       (0.16)        -1%                       $     (0.18)   $     (0.16)      13%         $       0.15    $     0.06      -56%         $      0.25     $      0.16      -33%
                                                  Adj. EPS           $      0.02    $        0.02          1%                       $      0.47    $      0.50        5%         $       0.76    $     0.68      -10%         $      0.84     $      0.76       -9%


                                                  Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 38: SNAP - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                                Q2 2026                                                          2026                                                        2027
                                                                                                                   % GS vs.                                                                      % GS vs.                                                % GS vs.
                                                                                    GS Est           Cons Est                      Guidance                       GS Est     Cons Est                                     GS Est         Cons Est
                                                                                                                     Cons                                                                          Cons                                                    Cons
                                                  DAUs (Total)                          488.0              487.8       0%                                            498.0           493.9          1%                      518.0             510.4         1%
                                                  Revenues (Total)             $        1,534        $     1,540       0%        $1,520-1,550m                $      6,608   $       6,705          -1%              $      7,267        $    7,369         -1%
                                                   NA Revenues                 $          874        $       873       0%                                     $      3,727   $       3,788          -2%              $      4,004        $    4,061         -1%
                                                   Europe Revenues             $          321        $       344      -7%                                     $      1,370   $       1,447          -5%              $      1,507        $    1,621         -7%
                                                   ROW Revenues                $          339        $       323       5%                                     $      1,511   $       1,469          3%               $      1,755        $    1,687         4%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Gross Profit                 $          869        $       868       0%                                     $      3,856   $       3,946          -2%              $      4,381        $    4,430         -1%
                                                   Gross Margin %                       56.7%              56.4%    30 bps                                           58.4%           58.9%       -50 bps                    60.3%             60.1%       18 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA                  $          187        $       195      -4%         $175-200m                   $      1,276   $       1,264          1%               $      1,579        $    1,581         0%
                                                   % margin                             12.2%              12.7%    -44 bps                                          19.3%           18.9%        45 bps                    21.7%             21.4%       29 bps
                                                  Adj. EPS                     $         0.02        $      0.06     -62%                                     $       0.50   $        0.58         -14%              $       0.68        $     0.76        -10%

                                                  Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Company data, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                                     Our $6.00, 12-month price target (from $7.00 prior) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                                     EV/Sales multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using an
                                                                                                     EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                                     years. Specifically:

                                                                                                     n      1.5x EV/Sales (unchanged) or 0.14x EV/Sales-to-growth (unchanged) applied to our
                                                                                                            NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                                     n      20.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates
                                                                                                            discounted back 3 years at 12% (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                            using the blended average of companies within our coverage universe consisting of:
                                                                                                            (1) 3% risk free rate (based on the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of
                                                                                                            ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of 7%.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                       25
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                               Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                  Exhibit 39: SNAP Valuation Analysis
                                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                  Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                               Downside          Base            Upside
                                                                  Valuation                                  $       3.00    $       6.00    $        8.50
                                                                    % upside/downside                               -37%             26%              79%
                                                                  Sales (NTM)                                $     6,083     $      6,759    $       7,435
                                                                    Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -10%          -                   10%
                                                                  Sales (NTM + 1 year)                       $     6,534     $      7,425    $       8,316
                                                                    Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -12%          -                   12%
                                                                  EV / Sales                                          1.0x            1.5x             2.0x
                                                                  Sales CAGR                                         3.5%           10.4%            16.8%
                                                                  EV / Sales to Growth                              0.28x            0.14x            0.12x
                                                                  Enterprise Value                           $     6,534     $     11,137    $     16,631
                                                                  GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                $        756    $        894    $         993
                                                                    EBITDA Margin %                                  8.0%            9.5%            10.5%
                                                                  EV / EBITDA                                       13.0x            20.0x            22.5x
                                                                  EBITDA CAGR                                      24.2%            31.3%            35.9%
                                                                  EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                             0.54x            0.64x            0.63x
                                                                  Discount Rate                                    15.0%            12.0%            10.0%
                                                                  Discount Period (Years)                                3               3                3
                                                                  Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $     9,833     $     17,885    $     22,337
                                                                  Discounted Enterprise Value                $     6,465     $     12,730    $     16,782
                                                                  Weightings
                                                                    EV derived from Sales                             50%             50%              50%
                                                                    EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                       50%             50%              50%
                                                                  Enterprise Value                           $      6,500 $        11,934 $         16,707
                                                                  Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                  Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $        282    $        282    $         282
                                                                  Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending          1,969           1,969            1,969




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                  Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                  Key Risks

                                                                  Key risks (what would make us more or less constructive): a) headwinds to advertiser
                                                                  demand (driven by platform policy changes, macroeconomic conditions & competition)
                                                                  deviate from our current expectations (either persist for longer or recover faster vs. our
                                                                  modeling); b) competition for user growth, user engagement and advertising dollars
                                                                  across an array of incumbent and emerging Internet, media and commerce companies;
                                                                  c) ability to capitalize on global user growth opportunity; d) margin puts/takes (to the
                                                                  positive: ARPU growth and cost-cutting initiatives; to the negative: pressure from a
                                                                  mixture of platform and content initiatives worse than our modeling); e) the current
                                                                  regulatory environment of all media/eCommerce platforms with respect to user
                                                                  data/privacy; and f) execution against monetization of growth initiatives (Maps, Games,
                                                                  Minis, AR initiatives with Camera). In addition, SNAP is exposed to volatility caused by




                                                                                                                                                                                              455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  the global macroeconomic environment and investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                  Liftoff Mobile (LFTO) - Maintain Buy Rating & PT of $40
                                                                  We make no changes to our operating estimates or PT at this time. Our 12-month $40
                                                                  price target is based on an equal blend of (1) 7.5x EV/Sales applied to our NTM + 1 year
                                                                  estimates and (2) a modified DCF using a 14.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our
                                                                  NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years. The key risks to our Buy rating include:
                                                                  1) increased competition from in-app advertising platforms and mobile-focused
                                                                  DSPs/SSPs/mediation platforms; 2) margin trajectory and level of investment into key
                                                                  growth initiatives including faster-than-expected scaling of cloud hosting costs as
                                                                  Cortex compute intensity grows, or a heavier-than-expected rate of GTM investment; 3)
                                                                  execution risk around Cortex and continued model improvements; 4) declining customer
                                                                  retention and increasing customer/vertical concentration; & 5) macro environment for
                                                                  global in-app advertising spend and any macro changes that can influence advertiser
                                                                  behavior and publisher monetization.

                                                                  Please see our recent initiation report (link) for details.



                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                           26
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                     Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                                                       Yelp (YELP) - Maintain Neutral Rating; Raise PT to $25 (from $24)
                                                                                                       We make modest changes to our forward revenue growth estimates, with changes to our
                                                                                                       forward operating income/EPS estimates primarily being a reflection of our updated
                                                                                                       topline growth forecasts (in addition to our expectation for the company to continue to
                                                                                                       make targeted long-term growth investments).

                                                  Exhibit 40: YELP - Summary of Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm, except per share data
                                                                                          Q2 2026                                                        2026                                                             2027                                             2028
                                                                                Old           New      % Change Guidance                   Old           New         % Change Guidance                       Old          New       % Change                Old            New         % Change
                                                    Total Revenue           $     366     $     366        0.0%      $363-368m         $    1,466    $    1,466        0.0%    $1.455-1.475bn            $    1,516   $    1,501     -1.0%             $      1,566    $      1,535      -2.0%
                                                     Advertising            $     336     $     336        0.0%                        $    1,345    $    1,345        0.0%                              $    1,334   $    1,319     -1.1%             $      1,329    $      1,298      -2.3%
                                                       Services             $     242     $     242        0.0%                        $      974    $      974        0.0%                              $      998   $      994     -0.4%             $      1,021    $      1,013      -0.8%
                                                       RR&O                 $      94     $      94        0.0%                        $      371    $      371        0.0%                              $      336   $      325     -3.2%             $        308    $        285      -7.5%
                                                     Other                  $      30     $      30        0.0%                        $      121    $      121        0.0%                              $      182   $      182      0.0%             $        237    $        237       0.0%
                                                    Total PALs (000s)              480           480       0.0%                                470           470       0.0%                                      458          454    -0.9%                       447             438     -2.0%
                                                     Services PALs                 250           250       0.0%                                250           250       0.0%                                      250          250     0.0%                       250             250      0.0%
                                                     RR&O PALs                     230           230       0.0%                                220           220       0.0%                                      208          204    -1.9%                       197             188     -4.6%
                                                    Total Revenue per PAL   $     699 $         699        0.0%                        $    2,784 $       2,784        0.0%                              $    2,875 $      2,856     -0.7%             $      2,937 $         2,910      -0.9%
                                                     Services Rev per PAL   $     968 $         968        0.0%                        $    3,895 $       3,895        0.0%                              $    3,992 $      3,977     -0.4%             $      4,082 $         4,050      -0.8%
                                                     RR&O Rev per PAL       $     407 $         407        0.0%                        $    1,591 $       1,591        0.0%                              $    1,570 $      1,534     -2.3%             $      1,523 $         1,456      -4.4%
                                                    GAAP EBITDA             $      45 $          45        0.0%                        $      211 $         211        0.0%                              $     237 $         230      -3.1%            $        255 $           241      -5.4%
                                                     % margin                   12.4%         12.4%        0 bps                            14.4%         14.4%        0 bps                                 15.6%         15.3%     -33 bps                  16.3%           15.7%     -57 bps
                                                    Adj. EBITDA             $      74 $          74        0.0%      $70-75m           $      327 $         327        0.0%    $310-330m                 $     342 $         335      -2.1%            $        361 $           348      -3.8%
                                                     % margin                   20.3%         20.3%        0 bps                            22.3%         22.3%        0 bps                                 22.6%         22.3%     -27 bps                  23.1%           22.7%     -43 bps
                                                    GAAP EPS                $     0.37    $     0.37       0.0%                        $      1.97   $     1.97        0.0%                              $     2.82   $     2.70     -4.0%             $       2.99    $       2.78      -7.0%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 41: YELP - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                               Q2 2026                                                                                      2026                                                                      2027
                                                                                          GS Est       Cons Est      % GS vs. Cons Guidance                         GS Est     Cons Est    % GS vs. Cons Guidance                                  GS Est      Cons Est        % GS vs. Cons
                                                    Total Revenue                     $        366     $      367         0%      $363-368m                     $      1,466   $   1,467          0%          $1.455-1.475bn                   $      1,501    $      1,508              0%
                                                     Advertising                      $        336     $      335         0%                                    $      1,345   $   1,333          1%                                           $      1,319    $      1,320              0%
                                                       Services                       $        242     $      237         2%                                    $        974   $     944          3%                                           $        994    $        961              3%
                                                       RR&O                           $         94     $       98         -4%                                   $        371   $     389         -5%                                           $        325    $        359            -10%
                                                     Other                            $         30     $       32         -5%                                   $        121   $     134         -9%                                           $        182    $        188             -3%
                                                    Total PALs (000s)                           480           481         0%                                              470        473         -1%                                                     454            461            -1%
                                                     Services PALs                              250           250         0%                                              250        248          1%                                                     250            247             1%
                                                     RR&O PALs                                  230           232         -1%                                             220        225         -2%                                                     204            214            -5%
                                                    Total Revenue per PAL             $        699 $          696         0%                                    $      2,784 $     2,820         -1%                                           $      2,856 $         2,865             0%
                                                     Services Rev per PAL             $        968 $          951         2%                                    $      3,895 $     3,810          2%                                           $      3,977 $         3,894             2%
                                                     RR&O Rev per PAL                 $        407 $          422         -4%                                   $      1,591 $     1,730         -8%                                           $      1,534 $         1,679            -9%
                                                    GAAP EBITDA                       $          45 $          44          2%                                   $       211 $        206          3%                                           $       230 $            239             -4%
                                                     % margin                                 12.4%         12.1%        30 bps                                       14.4%        14.0%        38 bps                                               15.3%            15.9%           -54 bps
                                                    Adj. EBITDA                       $          74 $          74          0%     $70-75m                       $       327 $        321          2%          $310-330m                        $       335 $            333              1%
                                                     % margin                                 20.3%         20.1%        14 bps                                       22.3%        21.9%        42 bps                                               22.3%            22.0%            25 bps
                                                    GAAP EPS                          $        0.37    $      0.36         2%                                   $       1.97   $    1.91         3%                                            $       2.70    $       2.57             5%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                                       Our $25, 12-month price target (from $24 prior) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                                       EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF
                                                                                                       using an EV/FCF-SBC multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                                       years. Specifically:

                                                                                                       n      6.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                                       n      9.0x EV/FCF-SBC (from 8.0x prior) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates
                                                                                                              discounted back 3 years at 12% (unchanged). We apply a 9.0x multiple to reflect
                                                                                                              YELP’s 5-year historical average multiple of 9.0x. The discount rate represents CAPM
                                                                                                              using the blended average of companies within our coverage universe consisting of:
                                                                                                              (1) 3% risk free rate (based on the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of
                                                                                                              ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of 7%.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     27
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                      Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                                                 Exhibit 42: YELP Valuation Analysis
                                                                                                 $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                  Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                                                         Downside           Base             Upside
                                                                                                  Valuation                                            $          15    $          25    $           38
                                                                                                    % upside/downside                                          -43%               -5%              44%
                                                                                                  GAAP EBITDA (NTM)                                    $         169    $         214    $          247
                                                                                                    EBITDA Margin %                                           12.5%             14.5%             15.5%
                                                                                                  GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 1 year)                           $         170    $         232    $          274
                                                                                                    EBITDA Margin %                                           12.5%             15.4%             16.5%
                                                                                                  EV / GAAP EBITDA                                               4.5x             6.0x              7.5x
                                                                                                  EBITDA CAGR                                                -15.3%             -1.0%              7.6%
                                                                                                  EV / GAAP EBITDA to Growth                                      n/a              n/a             0.98x
                                                                                                  Enterprise Value                                     $         764    $       1,390    $        2,054
                                                                                                  FCF-SBC (NTM + 4 years)                              $         128    $         145    $          168
                                                                                                    FCF % of Sales                                              8.0%             9.0%             10.5%
                                                                                                  EV / FCF-SBC                                                   7.0x             9.0x             13.0x
                                                                                                  FCF-SBC CAGR                                                  0.4%             4.5%              9.9%
                                                                                                  EV / FCF-SBC-to-Growth                                          n/a            1.98x             1.32x
                                                                                                  Discount Rate                                               15.0%             12.0%             10.0%
                                                                                                  Discount Period (Years)                                           3                3                 3
                                                                                                  Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)                     $         897    $       1,304    $        2,186
                                                                                                  Discounted Enterprise Value                          $        590     $         928    $        1,643
                                                                                                  Weightings
                                                                                                    EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                                 50%               50%               50%
                                                                                                    EV derived from (FCF-SBC)                                   50%               50%               50%
                                                                                                  Enterprise Value                                     $        677 $           1,159 $           1,848
                                                                                                  Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                                                  Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending                       $         (69) $            (69) $            (69)
                                                                                                  Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending                        50                50                50




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                                 Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                                 Key Risks

                                                                                                 Key risks (what would make us more or less constructive): a) macroeconomic headwinds
                                                                                                 deviate from our current expectations (either persist for longer or recover faster vs. our
                                                                                                 modeling), impacting paid advertising locations (PALs) and/or ad spend growth
                                                                                                 (particularly local) over the next several quarters; b) user growth and/or engagement
                                                                                                 trends (for either Yelp’s core restaurant/retail or its newer home services use cases)
                                                                                                 deviate from our current expectations; c) level of management execution against key
                                                                                                 product initiatives (self-serve, multi-location, home services, Yelp Audiences, etc.) with
                                                                                                 key variables being competition, advertiser/user adoption and/or internal execution
                                                                                                 risk; & d) shareholder returns (in the form of share buybacks) out/underperform our
                                                                                                 current expectations.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                 DoubleVerify (DV) - Maintain Neutral Rating; Lower PT to $11.00 (from
                                                                                                 $12.00)
                                                                                                 We make modest changes to our forward revenue growth estimates by segment, with
                                                                                                 changes to our forward operating income/EPS estimates primarily being a reflection of
                                                                                                 our updated topline growth forecasts (in addition to our expectation for the company to
                                                                                                 continue to make targeted long-term growth investments).

                                                  Exhibit 43: DV - Summary of Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                    Q2 2026                                                     2026                                                          2027                               2028

                                                                           Old          New    % Change         Guide              Old          New    % Change         Guide                    Old          New    % Change       Old        New    % Change
                                                  Total Net Revenues   $      203   $      203    0%    $199-205m              $      824   $      821    0%    $810-826m                    $      910   $      902    -1%     $    1,000   $    988    -1%
                                                   Measurement         $       70   $       70    0%                           $      278   $      278    0%                                 $      305   $      303    -1%     $      334   $    331    -1%
                                                   Activation          $      113   $      113    0%                           $      466   $      463    -1%                                $      514   $      509    -1%     $      567   $    559    -1%
                                                   Supply-Side         $       19   $       19    0%                           $       80   $       80    0%                                 $       90   $       90    0%      $       99   $     99    0%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA          $       41   $       41    0%                           $      176   $      174    -1%                                $      200   $      186    -7%     $      223   $    199   -11%
                                                   % margin                 20.0%        20.0%   0 bps                              21.3%        21.2%  -18 bps                                   21.9%        20.6% -131 bps        22.3%      20.1% -222 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA          $       66   $       66    0%    $63-67m                $      280   $      278    -1%                                $      321   $      307    -4%     $      364   $    339    -7%
                                                   % margin                 32.7%        32.7%   0 bps                              34.0%        33.9%  -14 bps ~34%                              35.2%        34.1% -119 bps        36.4%      34.3% -205 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS             $     0.11   $     0.11    0%                           $     0.47   $     0.47    -2%                                $     0.64   $     0.57   -10%     $     0.68   $   0.57   -16%


                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                               28
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                          Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 44: DV - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                               Q2 2026                                                       2026                                             2027
                                                                                                 % GS vs.
                                                                           GS Est   Cons Est        Cons    Guidance                 GS Est    Cons Est % GS vs. Cons Guidance                  GS Est    Cons Est % GS vs. Cons
                                                  Total Net Revenues     $     203 $    202          0%     $199-205m              $     821   $    818       0%      $810-826m               $     902   $    898      0%
                                                   Measurement           $       70 $    68          3%                            $     278   $    277       0%                              $     303   $    303      0%
                                                   Activation            $     113 $    115          -1%                           $     463   $    461       0%                              $     509   $    507      1%
                                                   Supply-Side           $       19 $    19          0%                            $      80   $     80       1%                              $      90   $     88      2%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA            $       41 $    38          6%                            $     174   $    174       0%                              $     186   $    197      -5%
                                                   % margin                  20.0%    18.8%       112 bps                             21.2%      21.2%      -9 bps                               20.6%      21.9%    -129 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA            $       66 $    65          2%     $63-67m                $     278   $    280      -1%                              $     307   $    309      -1%
                                                   % margin                  32.7%    32.1%        60 bps                             33.9%      34.2%     -32 bps    ~34%                       34.1%      34.4%     -35 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS               $     0.11 $ 0.10          10%                            $    0.47   $   0.46       1%                              $    0.57   $   0.60      -5%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                      Our $11.00, 12-month price target (from $12.00 prior) is based on an equal blend of (1)
                                                                                      an EV/Sales multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using
                                                                                      an EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                      years. Specifically:

                                                                                       n       1.5x EV/Sales (unchanged) or 0.15x EV/Sales-to-growth (unchanged) applied to our
                                                                                               NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                       n       10.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                               discounted back 3 years at 12% (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM
                                                                                               using the blended average of companies within our coverage universe consisting of:
                                                                                               (1) 3% risk free rate (based on the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of
                                                                                               ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of 7%.


                                                                                      Exhibit 45: DV Valuation Analysis
                                                                                      $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                        Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                                          Downside          Base            Upside
                                                                                        Valuation                                       $       6.00    $      11.00    $       17.00
                                                                                          % upside/downside                                    -49%              -6%             46%
                                                                                        Sales (NTM)                                     $        755    $        839    $         923
                                                                                          Downside/Upside Adjustment                           -10%          -                   10%
                                                                                        Sales (NTM + 1 year)                            $        810    $        921    $       1,031
                                                                                          Downside/Upside Adjustment                           -12%          -                   12%
                                                                                        EV / Sales                                               0.7x            1.5x             2.3x
                                                                                        Sales CAGR                                              3.0%            9.8%            16.2%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                        EV / Sales to Growth                                   0.24x            0.15x            0.14x
                                                                                        Enterprise Value                                $        567    $      1,381    $       2,320
                                                                                        GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                     $        215    $        228    $         275
                                                                                          EBITDA Margin %                                     18.0%            19.1%            23.0%
                                                                                        EV / EBITDA                                              6.0x           10.0x            12.5x
                                                                                        EBITDA CAGR                                             4.6%            6.7%            13.5%
                                                                                        EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                                  1.30x            1.48x            0.92x
                                                                                        Discount Rate                                         15.0%            12.0%            10.0%
                                                                                        Discount Period (Years)                                     3               3                3
                                                                                        Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)                $     1,291     $      2,285    $       3,436
                                                                                        Discounted Enterprise Value                     $        849    $      1,626    $       2,582
                                                                                        Weightings
                                                                                          EV derived from Sales                                   50%            50%              50%
                                                                                          EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                             50%            50%              50%
                                                                                        Enterprise Value                                $         708 $        1,504 $          2,451
                                                                                        Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                                        Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending                  $        (154) $        (154) $          (154)
                                                                                        Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending                   149            149              149


                                                                                      Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                      Key Risks

                                                                                      Key risks (what would make us more or less constructive): 1) headwinds to advertiser
                                                                                      demand deviate from our current expectations (either persist for longer or recover
                                                                                      faster vs. our modeling); 2) competition for advertising dollars across several
                                                                                      measurement, planning & analytics platforms; 3) execution risk against key long-term
                                                                                      opportunities incl. new channels/verticals (CTV, social) & international expansion; & 4)
                                                                                      regulatory scrutiny and industry practices around data privacy. In addition, DoubleVerify

                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                 29
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                      Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                                           is exposed to volatility caused by the global macroeconomic environment & investor risk
                                                                                           appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                                           Opera (OPRA) - Maintain Buy Rating & PT of $25.00
                                                                                           We make no changes to our forward estimates at this time.

                                                  Exhibit 46: OPRA - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                     Q2 2026                                              2026                                          2027
                                                                              GS Est      Cons Est    % GS vs. Cons   Guidance     GS Est      Cons Est   % GS vs. Cons   Guidance       GS Est      Cons Est   % GS vs. Cons
                                                  Total Revenues            $      178   $     177          0%      $176-178m    $     738    $     737        0%       $727-740m      $     846    $     851        -1%
                                                   Advertising              $     118    $     117          2%                   $      489   $     487        0%                      $      577   $     576         0%
                                                   Query                    $       59   $      60         -2%                   $      247   $     248        0%                      $      267   $     273        -2%
                                                   Tech Licensing & Other   $        0   $       1        -25%                   $        2   $       2       -3%                      $        2   $       2       -17%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA               $       33   $      35         -4%                   $      144   $     145        0%                      $      171   $     176        -3%
                                                   % margin                     18.8%        19.6%       -81 bps                     19.5%        19.6%      -9 bps                        20.2%        20.7%      -50 bps
                                                  Adj EBITDA                $       41   $      41         -2%      $40-42m      $     172    $     172        0%       $170-174m      $     200    $     204        -2%
                                                   % margin                     22.8%        23.3%       -54 bps                     23.4%        23.4%      -4 bps                        23.6%        24.0%      -39 bps
                                                  EPS                       $     0.27   $    0.29         -8%                   $     1.16   $    1.18       -2%                      $     1.44   $    1.49        -3%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Visible Alpha Consensus Data

                                                                                           Our $25.00 12-month price target (unchanged) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                           EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                           using an EV/FCF-SBC multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                           years. Specifically:

                                                                                           n     10.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) or 0.45x EV/GAAP EBITDA-to-growth
                                                                                                 (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                           n     13.5x EV/FCF-SBC (unchanged) or 1.05x EV/FCF-SBC-to-growth (unchanged)
                                                                                                 applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at 12%
                                                                                                 (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM using the blended average of
                                                                                                 companies within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on
                                                                                                 the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of
                                                                                                 7%.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                              30
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                 Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                  Exhibit 47: OPRA Valuation Analysis
                                                                  mm, except per-share data
                                                                   Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                Downside           Base            Upside
                                                                   Valuation                                  $     12.00     $       25.00    $       31.00
                                                                     % upside/downside                               -42%              22%              51%
                                                                   GAAP EBITDA (NTM)                          $        112    $         153    $         169
                                                                     EBITDA Margin %                                16.0%             20.0%            20.5%
                                                                   GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 1 year)                 $        145    $         177    $         202
                                                                     EBITDA Margin %                                18.5%             20.3%            21.0%
                                                                   EV / GAAP EBITDA                                    6.0x            10.0x            12.5x
                                                                   EBITDA CAGR                                      10.8%             22.4%            30.5%
                                                                   EV / GAAP EBITDA to Growth                        0.56x             0.45x            0.41x
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $        872    $       1,774    $       2,520
                                                                   FCF-SBC (NTM + 4 years)                    $        157    $         179    $         185
                                                                     FCF % of Sales                                 13.0%             14.8%            15.3%
                                                                   EV / FCF-SBC                                        8.0x            13.5x            15.0x
                                                                   FCF-SBC CAGR                                       8.0%            12.8%            13.9%
                                                                   EV / FCF-SBC-to-Growth                            1.00x             1.05x            1.08x
                                                                   Discount Rate                                    15.0%             12.0%            10.0%
                                                                   Discount Period (Years)                                3                3                3
                                                                   Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $     1,259     $       2,421    $       2,768
                                                                   Discounted Enterprise Value                $        828    $       1,723    $       2,080
                                                                   Weightings
                                                                     EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                      50%               50%              50%
                                                                     EV derived from FCF-SBC                          50%               50%              50%
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $       850 $           1,748 $          2,300
                                                                   Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                   Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $       (132) $          (132) $          (132)
                                                                   Dividends                                  $          71 $            71 $             71




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                   Investments                                $        -     $          250 $            250
                                                                   Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending               88              88               88

                                                                                                                                  Discount     Opera's
                                                                   Investments                                    Value
                                                                                                                                    Rate        Share
                                                                   OPay                                       $       295                15% $       250
                                                                                                                                             $       250


                                                                  Value of OPRA’s stake in OPay based on reported carrying value from OPRA’s
                                                                  most recent earnings report & filings

                                                                  Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                  Key Risks

                                                                  Key risks to our Buy rating include: 1) a slowdown in overall industry advertising
                                                                  spend/budgets caused by macroeconomic volatility; 2) competition, both with respect
                                                                  to users (from other desktop/mobile web browsers) and advertising dollars; 3) execution
                                                                  risk against key long-term opportunities incl. penetration in western markets and
                                                                  consumer adoption of newer products (GX, Aria, etc.); 4) concentrated governance




                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  structure and shareholder base (significant ownership & majority voting power held by
                                                                  Chairman & co-CEO; ownership of >70% of outstanding shares by majority shareholder;
                                                                  Opera’s Chairman & co-CEO is jointly the controlling shareholder of Opera’s majority
                                                                  owner and the CEO of OPay, of which Opera has a minority ownership stake); & 5)
                                                                  possible exposure to regulatory and/or geopolitical risks with presence in Mainland
                                                                  China (majority shareholder, certain directors and R&D headcount/operations based in
                                                                  China). In addition, Opera is exposed to volatility caused by the global macroeconomic
                                                                  environment & investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                  Ethos Technologies (LIFE) - Maintain Buy Rating; Lower PT to $31 (from
                                                                  $33)
                                                                  We make modest changes to our forward revenue growth estimates, with changes to our
                                                                  forward operating income/EPS estimates primarily being a reflection of our updated
                                                                  topline growth forecasts (in addition to our expectation for the company to continue to
                                                                  make targeted long-term growth investments).




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                             31
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                                                         Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 48: LIFE - Summary of Estimates Changes
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                 Q2 2026                                                   2026                                                              2027                                           2028
                                                                                    Old           New           % Change   Guidance        Old             New          % Change        Guidance               Old           New       % Change              Old            New        % Change
                                                  Activated Policies                61,094         61,094          0%                      282,747         282,747         0%                                  340,178       340,178     0%                  403,111        392,905      -3%
                                                  Avg. Rev. per Policy (ARPU)   $    1,920   $      1,920          0%                  $     1,992     $     1,992         0%                              $     1,984   $     1,984     0%             $      1,974    $     1,974       0%

                                                  Total Revenues                $      117   $        117          0%      $114-118m   $        563    $        563         0%         $561-565m           $      675    $       675     0%             $        796    $       776       -3%
                                                   Direct                       $       77   $         77          0%                  $        381    $        381         0%                             $      436    $       436     0%             $        502    $       490       -3%
                                                   Third-Party                  $       40   $         40          0%                  $        182    $        182         0%                             $      239    $       239     0%             $        294    $       286       -3%
                                                  Contribution Profit           $       46   $         46          0%                  $        204    $        204         0%                             $      262    $       262     0%             $        311    $       303       -2%
                                                  % margin                           38.9%          38.9%         0 bps                      36.2%           36.2%        0 bps                                 38.8%          38.8%    0 bps                  39.1%          39.1%      1 bps
                                                  GAAP EBITDA                   $        4   $          4          0%                  $       (146)   $       (146)        0%                             $       50    $        50     0%             $         74    $        68       -9%
                                                  % margin                            3.6%           3.6%         0 bps                     -25.9%          -25.9%        0 bps                                  7.4%           7.4%    0 bps                   9.3%           8.7%     -62 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA                   $       21   $         21          0%       $20-22m    $        105    $        102        -3%         $103-107m           $      144    $       144     0%             $        178    $       171       -4%
                                                  % margin                           18.2%          18.2%         0 bps                      18.6%           18.1%       -50 bps                                21.4%          21.4%    0 bps                  22.4%          22.1%     -28 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS                      $     0.04   $       0.04          0%                  $      (2.65)   $      (2.65)        0%                             $     0.64    $      0.64     0%             $       0.87    $      0.80       -8%


                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 49: LIFE - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share values
                                                                                                                      Q2 2026                                                                      2026                                                                 2027
                                                                                                                            % GS vs.                                                                      % GS vs.                                                                    % GS vs.
                                                                                          GS Est               Cons Est                Guidance                       GS Est           Cons Est                          Guidance                   GS Est          Cons Est
                                                                                                                              Cons                                                                         Cons                                                                        Cons
                                                  Activated Policies                         61,094               60,249        1%                                     282,747           282,612            0%                                       340,178           342,044          -1%
                                                  Avg. Rev. per Policy (ARPU)         $       1,920        $       1,953       -2%                                $      1,992     $       1,999            0%                                  $      1,984    $        1,957           1%

                                                  Total Revenues                      $        117         $         118        0%     $114-118m                  $        563     $         565             0%          $561-565m              $        675    $         679           -1%
                                                   Direct                             $         77         $          75        4%                                $         381    $         382             0%                                 $        436    $         438            0%
                                                   Third-Party                        $         40         $          43       -7%                                $         182    $          184           -1%                                 $        239    $         231            4%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Adj. EBITDA                         $         21         $          22       -2%     $20-22m                    $        102     $          106           -4%          $103-107m              $        144    $         145            0%
                                                  % margin                                   18.2%                 18.5%     -34 bps                                     18.1%             18.8%          -72 bps                                      21.4%            21.3%          4 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS                            $       0.04         $        0.04       -8%                                $       (2.65)   $        (2.75)           4%                                 $       0.64    $        0.63            1%

                                                  Source: Visible Alpha Consensus Data, Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                                        Our $31 (from $33 prior) 12-month price target is based on an equal blend of: (1)
                                                                                                        EV/Sales applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using EV/GAAP
                                                                                                        EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years.
                                                                                                        Specifically:

                                                                                                        n         3.5x EV/Sales (unchanged) or 0.17x EV/Sales-to-growth (unchanged) applied to our
                                                                                                                  updated NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                                        n         20.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) or 0.83x EV/GAAP EBITDA-to-growth (from
                                                                                                                  0.68x prior) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at 12%
                                                                                                                  (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM using the blended average of




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                                  companies within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on
                                                                                                                  the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of
                                                                                                                  7%.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     32
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                 Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                  Exhibit 50: LIFE Valuation Analysis
                                                                  $mm, except per share values
                                                                   Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                Downside          Base              Upside
                                                                   Valuation                                  $         16    $          31 $             44
                                                                     % upside/downside                               -18%               60%            127%
                                                                   Sales (NTM)                                $        524    $         582 $            641
                                                                     Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -10%          -                    10%
                                                                   Sales (NTM + 1 year)                       $        622    $          707    $        791
                                                                     Downside/Upside Adjustment                      -12%          -                    12%
                                                                   EV / Sales                                          1.8x              3.5x            4.5x
                                                                   Sales CAGR                                       13.1%              20.6%           27.6%
                                                                   EV / Sales to Growth                              0.13x              0.17x           0.16x
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $     1,088     $        2,473    $      3,562
                                                                   GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                $         98    $          107    $        129
                                                                     EBITDA Margin %                                  9.5%             10.3%           12.5%
                                                                   EV / EBITDA                                       14.0x              20.0x           23.0x
                                                                   EBITDA CAGR                                      20.7%              24.2%           32.3%
                                                                   EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                             0.68x              0.83x           0.71x
                                                                   Discount Rate                                    15.0%              12.0%           10.0%
                                                                   Discount Period (Years)                                3                 3               3
                                                                   Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $     1,377     $        2,141    $      2,977
                                                                   Discounted Enterprise Value                $        906    $        1,524    $      2,237
                                                                   Weightings
                                                                     EV derived from Sales                            50%                50%             50%
                                                                     EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                      50%                50%             50%
                                                                   Enterprise Value                           $       997 $            1,999 $         2,899
                                                                   Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                   Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $       (113) $           (113) $         (113)
                                                                   Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending             68                68              68




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                  Key Risks: Key downside risks to our Buy rating include: a) slower growth in the life
                                                                  insurance industry, driven by a lower level of consumer willingness to spend or purchase
                                                                  policies, including from any weakening in the macroeconomic backdrop; b) any increase
                                                                  in competitive intensity across the digital life insurance market from both established
                                                                  insurers and other insurtech startups that could result in a lower market share than
                                                                  embedded in our forecasts, increased customer acquisition costs, or pressure on pricing;
                                                                  c) rate of execution against key growth initiatives across the scaling of its digital
                                                                  platform, expansion into new product lines, and the ability to maintain a strong
                                                                  customer experience; & d) elevated rate of investment in growth initiatives going
                                                                  forward (higher than our assumptions) could lead to lower than expected profitability
                                                                  and ability to provide capital returns for shareholders. In addition, the company is
                                                                  exposed to broader macroeconomic conditions which could adversely impact the




                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  business.


                                                                  Ibotta (IBTA) - Maintain Sell Rating; Lower PT to $28 (from $32)
                                                                  We make modest changes to our forward revenue growth estimates for the remainder of
                                                                  the year, with more sizable changes in 2027 and beyond. Changes to our forward
                                                                  operating income/EPS estimates are primarily a reflection of our updated topline growth
                                                                  forecasts (in addition to our expectation for the company to continue to make targeted
                                                                  long-term growth investments).




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                             33
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                            Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 51: IBTA - Summary of Estimate Changes
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                     Q2 2026                                            2026                                      2027                                    2028
                                                                                         Old          New       % Change   Guidance        Old          New      % Change            Old          New      % Change            Old        New    % Change
                                                  Total Revenues                     $        85    $       85     0%      $82-86m     $       348    $     346      0%          $       391    $     381     -3%          $      436   $    417    -4%
                                                   D2C Redemption                    $        20    $       20     0%                  $        80    $      79     -1%          $        76    $      73     -4%          $       74   $     69    -6%
                                                      D2C Redeemers                       1,435         1,435      0%                       1,514        1,498      -1%               1,439        1,408      -2%               1,395      1,352    -3%
                                                      D2C Redemptions per Redeemer          12.1          12.1     0%                         49.2         49.0     -1%                 49.2         48.0     -3%                49.2       47.5    -3%
                                                      D2C Fee per Redemption         $      1.12    $     1.12     0%                  $      1.11    $    1.11      0%          $      1.11    $    1.11     0%           $     1.11   $   1.11    0%
                                                   3P Redemption                     $        55    $       55     0%                  $       226    $     225      0%          $       273    $     266     -3%          $      321   $    306    -4%
                                                      3P Redeemers                       18,733       18,733       0%                      21,198       21,057      -1%              23,847       23,373      -2%              26,113     25,477    -2%
                                                      3P Redemptions per Redeemer            3.8           3.8     0%                         15.0         15.0      0%                 15.8         15.7     -1%                16.5       16.3    -2%
                                                      3P Fee per Redemption          $      0.79    $     0.79     0%                  $      0.78    $    0.78      0%          $      0.80    $    0.79     -1%          $     0.81   $   0.81    -1%
                                                   Ads & Other                       $        10    $       10     0%                  $        41    $      41      0%          $        41    $      41     0%           $       41   $     41    0%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA                        $        (5)   $       (5)    0%                  $       (18)   $     (19)    -5%          $        (2)   $      (9)  -482%          $       18   $      4    n/a
                                                  % margin                                -6.3%         -6.3%     0 bps                     -5.2%        -5.4%    -26 bps             -0.4%        -2.3% -193 bps                4.2%       1.1% -315 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA                        $        11    $       11     0%      $9-11m      $        46    $      45     -2%          $        65    $      58    -11%          $       89   $     75   -16%
                                                  % margin                                12.9%        12.9%      0 bps                     13.2%        13.0%    -17 bps             16.7%        15.2% -148 bps               20.3%      17.9% -244 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS                           $     (0.21)   $    (0.23)   -10%                 $     (0.84)   $   (0.93)   -10%          $     (0.22)   $   (0.53)  -138%          $     0.47   $   0.03   -93%


                                                  Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research


                                                  Exhibit 52: IBTA - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                                   Q2 2026                                                   2026                                              2027
                                                                                                 GS Est Cons Est % GS vs. Cons        Guidance               GS Est      Cons Est % GS vs. Cons                GS Est      Cons Est % GS vs. Cons
                                                    Total Revenues                             $      85 $     85       0%            $82-86m              $      346    $    346      0%                    $      381    $    377      1%
                                                     D2C Redemption                            $      20 $     18       6%                                 $       79    $     76      5%                    $       73    $     72      2%
                                                     3P Redemption                             $      55 $     57       -2%                                $      225    $    231     -3%                    $      266    $    268      -1%
                                                     Ads & Other                               $      10 $     10       3%                                 $       41    $     39      6%                    $       41    $     37      12%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                    Adj. EBITDA                                $      11 $     11       -1%           $9-11m               $       45    $     45      0%                    $       58    $     59      -1%
                                                    % margin                                      12.9%     13.1%     -14 bps                                  13.0%       13.0%     -3 bps                      15.2%       15.5%     -30 bps
                                                    GAAP EPS                                   $   (0.23) $ (0.20)     -16%                                $    (0.93)   $  (0.89)    -5%                    $    (0.53)   $  (0.37)    -44%

                                                  Source: Visible Alpha Consensus Data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Company data

                                                                                               Our $28 12-month price target (from $32 prior) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                               EV/Sales multiples applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using
                                                                                               an EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                               years. Specifically:

                                                                                               n       2.0x EV/Sales (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                               n       12.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates
                                                                                                       discounted back 3 years at 12% (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM
                                                                                                       using the blended average of companies within our coverage universe consisting of:
                                                                                                       (1) 3% risk free rate (based on the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                       ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of 7%.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                         34
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                                       Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                                       Exhibit 53: IBTA Valuation Analysis
                                                                                       $mm, except per share data
                                                                                           Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                                             Downside             Base             Upside
                                                                                           Valuation                                       $         16    $             28 $            44
                                                                                             % upside/downside                                    -52%                 -15%            33%
                                                                                           Sales (NTM)                                     $        320    $            355 $           391
                                                                                             Downside/Upside Adjustment                           -10%             -                   10%
                                                                                           Sales (NTM + 1 year)                            $        343    $             390   $        436
                                                                                             Downside/Upside Adjustment                           -12%             -                   12%
                                                                                           EV / Sales                                               1.0x              2.0x              3.0x
                                                                                           Sales CAGR                                              0.4%              7.0%             13.2%
                                                                                           EV / Sales to Growth                                      n/a             0.29x             0.23x
                                                                                           Enterprise Value                                $        343    $          779      $      1,309
                                                                                           GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                     $         35    $           39      $         51
                                                                                             EBITDA Margin %                                       7.0%              7.7%             10.0%
                                                                                           EV / EBITDA                                            10.0x              12.0x             15.0x
                                                                                           EBITDA CAGR                                          111.3%             121.2%            152.5%
                                                                                           EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                                  0.09x              0.10x             0.10x
                                                                                           Discount Rate                                         15.0%              12.0%             10.0%
                                                                                           Discount Period (Years)                                     3                 3                 3
                                                                                           Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)                $        354    $          465      $        758
                                                                                           Discounted Enterprise Value                     $        233    $          331      $        569
                                                                                           Weightings
                                                                                             EV derived from Sales                                    50%                50%            50%
                                                                                             EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                              50%                50%            50%
                                                                                           Enterprise Value                                $          288 $              555 $          939
                                                                                           Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                                           Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending                  $          (94) $             (94) $            (94)
                                                                                           Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending                     23                 23                23




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                       Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                       Key Risks

                                                                                       Key risks to our Sell rating (what would make us more constructive): 1) the ability of the
                                                                                       company to maintain or expand relationships with publishers on the Ibotta Performance
                                                                                       Network [IPN]; 2) any deviation in Walmart contribution to 3P redemption revenues; 3)
                                                                                       3P publisher integration speed onto the IPN is faster than expected; 4) margin
                                                                                       puts/takes (and if revenue share agreements are below GS expectations); 5) revenue
                                                                                       concentration risk with a few select publishers (i.e. Walmart); & 6) any change in the
                                                                                       competitive environment. In addition, Ibotta is exposed to volatility caused by the global
                                                                                       macroeconomic environment & investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                                       MediaAlpha (MAX) - Maintain Neutral Rating; Lower PT to $10.00 (from




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                       $11.00)
                                                                                       We make modest changes to our forward revenue growth estimates, with changes to our
                                                                                       forward operating income/EPS estimates primarily being a reflection of our updated
                                                                                       topline growth forecasts (in addition to our expectation for the company to continue to
                                                                                       make targeted long-term growth investments).

                                                  Exhibit 54: MAX - Summary of Estimates Changes
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                       Q2 2026                                                 2026                                         2027                               2028
                                                                               Old         New     % Change     Guidance           Old         New     % Change                Old          New     % Change       Old         New     % Change
                                                  Total Revenues           $     300   $     300    0.0%        $290-310m      $   1,294   $   1,281      -1.0%            $   1,413   $    1,382     -2.2%    $   1,516   $   1,456     -4.0%
                                                  Contribution Profit      $      47   $      47    0.0%       $45.5-48.5m     $     205   $     203      -1.0%            $     228   $      222     -2.2%    $     248   $     238     -4.0%
                                                  % Contribution Margin        15.7%       15.7%    0 bps                          15.8%       15.8%     0 bps                 16.1%        16.1%     0 bps        16.3%       16.3%     0 bps
                                                  GAAP EBITDA              $      20   $      20    0.0%                       $      97   $      95      -2.0%            $     110   $      105     -4.3%    $     121   $     112     -7.5%
                                                  Adj. EBITDA              $      29   $      29    0.0%       $28.0-30.5m     $     131   $     129      -1.5%            $     146   $      141     -3.2%    $     161   $     152     -5.7%
                                                  % Adj EBITDA Margin           9.6%        9.6%    0 bps                          10.1%       10.1%     -5 bps                10.3%        10.2%    -11 bps       10.6%       10.4%    -19 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS                 $    0.22   $    0.22    0.0%                       $    1.13   $    1.10      -2.3%            $    1.26   $     1.20     -5.0%    $    1.32   $    1.21     -8.6%

                                                  Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                                 35
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                          Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Exhibit 55: MAX - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Visible Alpha)
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                         Q2 2026                                               2026                                         2027
                                                                                  GS Est       Cons Est % GS vs. Cons    Guidance                GS Est     Cons Est    % GS vs. Cons         GS Est    Cons Est    % GS vs. Cons
                                                    Total Revenues            $       300      $   304         -1%       $290-310m           $     1,281   $   1,277           0%         $     1,382   $   1,376        0%
                                                    Contribution Profit       $        47      $    48         -1%      $45.5-48.5m          $       203   $     200           1%         $       222   $     217        2%
                                                    % Contribution Margin           15.7%        15.7%        2 bps                                15.8%       15.7%         18 bps             16.1%       15.8%      30 bps
                                                    Adj. EBITDA               $        29      $    30         -4%      $28.0-30.5m          $       129   $     129           0%         $       141   $     141        0%
                                                    % Adj EBITDA Margin              9.6%         9.8%       -24 bps                               10.1%       10.1%         -3 bps             10.2%       10.3%      -7 bps
                                                    GAAP EPS                  $      0.22      $  0.22         -1%                           $      1.10   $    0.99          11%         $      1.20   $    1.21       -1%

                                                  Source: Visible Alpha Consensus Data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Company data

                                                                                       Our $10.00 12-m price target (from $11.00) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                       EV/Gross Profit multiple applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF
                                                                                       using an EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted
                                                                                       back 3 years. Specifically:

                                                                                           n       3.0x EV/Gross Profit (unchanged) or 0.29x EV/Gross Profit-to-growth (from 0.26x
                                                                                                   prior) applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                           n       8.5x EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple (unchanged) or 1.37x EV/GAAP EBITDA-to-growth
                                                                                                   (from 1.04x prior) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3 years at




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                                                   12%. The discount rate represents CAPM using the blended average of companies
                                                                                                   within our coverage universe consisting of: (1) 3% risk free rate (based on the
                                                                                                   normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of 7%.


                                                                                       Exhibit 56: MAX Valuation Analysis
                                                                                       mm, except per-share data
                                                                                           Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                                                        Downside           Base             Upside
                                                                                           Valuation                                  $       5.00     $      10.00     $       16.50
                                                                                             % upside/downside                               -64%              -29%              18%
                                                                                           Gross Profit (NTM)                         $        165     $         194    $         216
                                                                                             Gross Margin %                                 14.0%             14.9%             15.0%
                                                                                           Gross Profit (NTM + 1 year)                $        172     $         210    $         243
                                                                                             Gross Margin %                                 14.0%             15.0%             15.5%
                                                                                           EV / Gross Profit                                   2.0x              3.0x             4.5x
                                                                                           Gross Profit CAGR                                  0.0%            10.2%             18.7%
                                                                                           EV / Gross Profit to Growth                          n/a            0.29x             0.24x




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                           Enterprise Value                           $        345     $         629    $       1,094
                                                                                           GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                $        113     $         128    $         141
                                                                                             EBITDA Margin %                                  7.0%              7.9%             8.8%
                                                                                           EV / EBITDA                                         7.0x              8.5x            10.5x
                                                                                           EBITDA CAGR                                        1.9%              6.2%             9.7%
                                                                                           EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                                n/a            1.37x             1.08x
                                                                                           Discount Rate                                    15.0%             12.0%             10.0%
                                                                                           Discount Period (Years)                                3                 3                3
                                                                                           Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $        789     $      1,085     $       1,479
                                                                                           Discounted Enterprise Value                $        518     $         772    $       1,111
                                                                                           Weightings
                                                                                             EV derived from Gross Profit                        50%            50%               50%
                                                                                             EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                         50%            50%               50%
                                                                                           Enterprise Value                           $          432 $          700 $           1,102
                                                                                           Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                                           Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $          122   $        122     $         122
                                                                                           Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending                        59             59                59

                                                                                       Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                       Key Risks

                                                                                       The key risks to our Neutral rating include: a) the trajectory of P&C industry cyclical
                                                                                       growth and resulting impact on carrier ad spend growth/recovery over the next several
                                                                                       quarters; b) health insurance enrollment (Medicare & under-65) slows and/or regulatory
                                                                                       dynamics (around marketing or general business practices) impacts either carrier ad
                                                                                       spend or legal liability; c) digital penetration of either consumer enrollment of insurance
                                                                                       products or carrier ad spend out/underperforms our current expectations; d)

                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                                       36
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                           Americas Technology: Internet

                                                                                         competition within the digital programmatic insurance advertising market; & e)
                                                                                         increased regulatory scrutiny of all media/eCommerce platforms with respect to user
                                                                                         data/privacy. In addition, MediaAlpha is exposed to the volatility caused by the global
                                                                                         macroeconomic environment and investor risk appetite for growth stocks.


                                                                                         Nextdoor (NXDR) - Maintain Neutral Rating & PT of $2.25
                                                                                         We make no changes to our forward estimates at this time.

                                                  Exhibit 57: NXDR - GS Estimates vs. Consensus (Factset)
                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                                                 Q2 2026                                         2026                                           2027
                                                                                GS Est       Cons Est      % GS vs. Cons       GS Est      Cons Est       % GS vs. Cons       GS Est      Cons Est       % GS vs. Cons
                                                  Platform WAUs                       22.3       n/a            n/a                 21.5       n/a             n/a                 22.2       n/a             n/a
                                                  ARPU                      $        3.25        n/a            n/a        $     13.36         n/a             n/a        $     14.46         n/a             n/a
                                                  Total Revenues            $          73    $      73          0%         $       284     $       284         0%         $       316     $       314         1%
                                                  GAAP EBITDA               $         (12)   $     (10)        -16%        $        (38)   $       (34)       -12%        $        (25)   $       (25)        0%
                                                  % margin                        -16.2%       -14.0%        -215 bps           -13.4%         -12.0%       -142 bps            -7.8%          -7.8%        4 bps
                                                  Adj. EBITDA               $           5    $       5          -3%        $         24    $        25         -5%        $         40    $        37         9%
                                                  % margin                          6.7%         7.0%         -23 bps             8.4%           8.9%        -48 bps            12.8%         11.8%         94 bps
                                                  GAAP EPS                  $       (0.02)   $   (0.02)        -24%        $      (0.07)   $     (0.05)       -25%        $      (0.05)   $     (0.04)       -29%
                                                  Adj. EPS                  $        0.02    $    0.02         -18%        $       0.09    $      0.11        -19%        $       0.13    $      0.15        -16%




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                                         Our $2.25, 12-month price target (unchanged) is based on an equal blend of (1) an
                                                                                         EV/Sales applied to our NTM + 1 year estimates and (2) a modified DCF using an
                                                                                         EV/GAAP EBITDA multiple applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates discounted back 3
                                                                                         years. Specifically:

                                                                                         n       2.0x EV/Sales (unchanged) or 0.19x EV/Sales-to-growth (unchanged) applied to our
                                                                                                 NTM + 1 year estimates.
                                                                                         n       35.0x EV/GAAP EBITDA (unchanged) applied to our NTM + 4 years estimates
                                                                                                 discounted back 3 years at 12% (unchanged). The discount rate represents CAPM
                                                                                                 using the blended average of companies within our coverage universe consisting of:
                                                                                                 (1) 3% risk free rate (based on the normalized 10-year rate); (2) average beta of
                                                                                                 ~1.3; (3) equity risk premium of 7%.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                        37
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                 Americas Technology: Internet


                                                                  Exhibit 58: NXDR Valuation Analysis
                                                                  $mm, except per-share data
                                                                  Scenario Analysis
                                                                                                               Downside           Base             Upside
                                                                  Valuation                                  $        1.25    $        2.25    $        3.00
                                                                    % upside/downside                                -46%               -2%             30%
                                                                  Sales (NTM)                                $         262    $         291    $         320
                                                                    Downside/Upside Adjustment                       -10%           -                   10%
                                                                  Sales (NTM + 1 year)                       $         284    $         323    $         362
                                                                    Downside/Upside Adjustment                       -12%           -                   12%
                                                                  EV / Sales                                           1.0x             2.0x             3.0x
                                                                  Sales CAGR                                          3.6%            10.4%            16.8%
                                                                  EV / Sales to Growth                               0.28x             0.19x            0.18x
                                                                  Enterprise Value                           $         284    $         646    $       1,086
                                                                  GAAP EBITDA (NTM + 4 years)                $          15    $          29    $          32
                                                                    EBITDA Margin %                                   3.5%             6.8%             7.5%
                                                                  EV / EBITDA                                        30.0x             35.0x            38.0x
                                                                  EBITDA CAGR                                     -188.4%          -210.2%           -213.9%
                                                                  EV / EBITDA-to-Growth                                 n/a              n/a              n/a
                                                                  Discount Rate                                     15.0%             12.0%            10.0%
                                                                  Discount Period (Years)                                 3                3                3
                                                                  Enterprise Value (NTM + 3 years)           $         451    $       1,020    $       1,223
                                                                  Discounted Enterprise Value                $        296     $         726    $         919
                                                                  Weightings
                                                                    EV derived from Sales                             50%              50%               50%
                                                                    EV derived from GAAP EBITDA                       50%              50%               50%
                                                                  Enterprise Value                           $        290 $            686 $           1,002
                                                                  Capital Structure Adjustments
                                                                  Adjusted Net Debt - NTM Ending             $       (262) $          (262) $           (262)
                                                                  Adjusted Shares Outstanding - NTM Ending            408              408               408




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                  Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research

                                                                  Key Risks

                                                                  Key risks to our Neutral rating (or, what would make us more or less constructive): 1)
                                                                  User growth deviates from current modeling assumptions – to the positive, expansion
                                                                  into new cohorts & int’l markets and rise in engagement on the back of new use cases &
                                                                  better relevance of content; 2) Different international revenue trajectory on the back of
                                                                  go-to-market investments and ad product innovation; 3) Execution against monetization
                                                                  opportunity, including increasing the scale/depth of advertisers and successfully
                                                                  introducing new ad formats & improvements to targeting, measurement & attribution; 4)
                                                                  Competition for users/ad spend from other social/digital media platforms surprises to
                                                                  the upside or downside; & 5) Increased regulatory scrutiny of all media platforms with
                                                                  respect to user data/privacy and content moderation. In addition, Nextdoor is exposed
                                                                  to volatility caused by the global macroeconomic environment & investor risk appetite




                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                  for growth stocks.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                             38
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                            Americas Technology: Internet


                                                  Disclosure Appendix

                                                  Reg AC
                                                  We, Eric Sheridan, Alex Vegliante, CFA, Aarshiya Sachdeva and Emma Huang, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately
                                                  reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is
                                                  or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.
                                                  Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division.
                                                  Contributing Authors: Eric Sheridan Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Alex Vegliante, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Aarshiya Sachdeva Goldman Sachs & Co.
                                                  LLC, Emma Huang Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC.
                                                  Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment
                                                  Research division.

                                                  GS Factor Profile
                                                  The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks)
                                                  and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth,
                                                  Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The
                                                  normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may
                                                  vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows:
                                                  Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a
                                                  higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial
                                                  stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B,
                                                  price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns
                                                  percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile).
                                                  Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs
                                                  for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics).
                                                  For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.

                                                  M&A Rank
                                                  Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary
                                                  across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring
                                                  companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2
                                                  representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard
                                                  departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not
                                                  factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research.

                                                  Quantum
                                                  Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for
                                                  in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.

                                                  Disclosures
                                                  The rating(s) for Alphabet Inc., AppLovin Corp., DoubleVerify Inc., Ethos Technologies Inc., Ibotta Inc., Liftoff Mobile Inc., MediaAlpha Inc.,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  Meta Platforms Inc., Nextdoor Holdings, Opera Ltd., Pinterest Inc., Reddit Inc., Snap Inc., Unity Software Inc. and Yelp Inc. is/are relative to the
                                                  other companies in its/their coverage universe: ACV Auctions Inc., Airbnb Inc., Alphabet Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Angi Inc., AppLovin Corp., Booking
                                                  Holdings Inc., Bumble Inc., Chewy Inc., Clear Secure Inc., Corsair Gaming Inc., Coursera Inc., Cricut Inc., DoorDash Inc., DoubleVerify Inc., DraftKings Inc.,
                                                  Duolingo Inc., Ethos Technologies Inc., Expedia Group, Fiverr International Ltd., Frontdoor Inc., GoodRx Holdings Inc., Grindr Inc., Groupon Inc., Ibotta
                                                  Inc., Instacart, Liftoff Mobile Inc., Lyft Inc., Match Group, MediaAlpha Inc., Meta Platforms Inc., Netflix Inc., Nextdoor Holdings, Opera Ltd., Pattern
                                                  Group Inc., Peloton Interactive Inc., People Inc., Pinterest Inc., Playtika, Reddit Inc., Roblox, Snap Inc., Space Exploration Technologies Corp., Sportradar
                                                  Group, Spotify Technology S.A., StubHub Holdings, Take-Two Interactive Software Inc., Tripadvisor Inc., Uber Technologies Inc., Unity Software Inc.,
                                                  Upwork Inc., Wayfair Inc., Webtoon Entertainment Inc., Xometry Inc., Yelp Inc., ZipRecruiter Inc.

                                                  Company-specific regulatory disclosures
                                                  Compendium report: please see disclosures at https://www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Disclosures applicable to the companies included in this
                                                  compendium can be found in the latest relevant published research

                                                  Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships
                                                  Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe

                                                                                    Rating Distribution                               Investment Banking Relationships
                                                                          Buy              Hold               Sell                   Buy              Hold              Sell
                                                  Global                  50%               34%              16%                    65%               60%               45%


                                                  As of April 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,074 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as
                                                  Buys and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the
                                                  purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking
                                                  Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment
                                                  banking services within the previous twelve months.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                 39
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                  Americas Technology: Internet

                                                  Price target and rating history chart(s)
                                                  Compendium report: please see disclosures at https://www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Disclosures applicable to the companies included in this
                                                  compendium can be found in the latest relevant published research

                                                  Target price history table(s)
                                                  Nextdoor Holdings (NXDR)                                   Ibotta Inc. (IBTA)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)          Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  07-May-26      2.25             1.92                       07-May-26      32.00            36.78
                                                  08-Aug-25      2.00             2.08                       13-Apr-26      23.00            33.36
                                                  11-Apr-25      1.75             1.49                       26-Feb-26      22.00            26.35
                                                  28-Feb-25      2.50             1.77                       12-Jan-26      21.00            21.83
                                                  07-Nov-24      3.00             2.84                       13-Nov-25      23.00            24.98
                                                  08-May-24      2.50             2.46                       14-Oct-25      26.00            31.12
                                                  28-Feb-24      2.25             2.09                       14-Aug-25      30.00            23.62
                                                  08-Nov-23      1.75             1.51                       10-Jul-25      58.00            37.31
                                                  04-Oct-23      2.50             1.89                       15-May-25      65.00            60.24
                                                  09-Aug-23      2.75             2.46                       11-Apr-25      50.00            46.04
                                                  17-Jul-23      3.00             3.23                       27-Feb-25      56.00            34.01
                                                                                                             13-Jan-25      85.00            67.27
                                                                                                             14-Nov-24      84.00            65.55
                                                                                                             14-Aug-24      87.00            42.66
                                                                                                             13-May-24      103.00           104.96




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)                                      Unity Software Inc. (U)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)          Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  30-Apr-26      450.00           384.80                     07-May-26      34.00            26.73
                                                  05-Feb-26      400.00           331.25                     13-Apr-26      29.00            22.80
                                                  12-Jan-26      375.00           331.86                     12-Feb-26      27.00            19.65
                                                  30-Oct-25      330.00           281.48                     12-Jan-26      47.00            47.29
                                                  14-Oct-25      288.00           245.45                     05-Nov-25      42.00            42.36
                                                  24-Jul-25      234.00           192.17                     14-Oct-25      38.00            36.58
                                                  10-Jul-25      225.00           177.62                     07-Aug-25      32.50            33.57
                                                  25-Apr-25      220.00           161.96                     07-May-25      20.00            20.66
                                                  11-Apr-25      205.00           157.14                     20-Feb-25      20.50            28.00
                                                  05-Feb-25      220.00           191.33                     08-Nov-24      21.50            20.50
                                                  13-Jan-25      215.00           191.01                     09-Aug-24      22.50            15.54
                                                  30-Oct-24      210.00           174.46                     10-May-24      26.00            21.69
                                                  14-Oct-24      208.00           164.96                     27-Feb-24      29.00            31.02




                                                                                                                                                                                                       455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  24-Jul-24      217.00           172.63                     09-Jan-24      32.00            35.87
                                                  08-Jul-24      211.00           189.03                     10-Nov-23      29.00            27.01
                                                  26-Apr-24      195.00           171.95                     03-Aug-23      45.00            41.12
                                                  15-Apr-24      185.00           154.86
                                                  31-Jan-24      171.00           140.10
                                                  10-Jan-24      164.00           142.28
                                                  04-Oct-23      154.00           135.24
                                                  26-Jul-23      152.00           129.27
                                                  17-Jul-23      140.00           124.65


                                                  Opera Ltd. (OPRA)                                          Reddit Inc. (RDDT)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)          Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  29-Apr-26      25.00            17.35                      01-May-26      200.00           166.48
                                                  27-Feb-26      23.50            16.04                      13-Apr-26      180.00           149.35
                                                  12-Jan-26      21.50            13.55                      06-Feb-26      206.00           139.83
                                                  19-Aug-25      24.50            16.17                      12-Jan-26      236.00           244.02
                                                  28-Apr-25      23.50            16.53                      31-Oct-25      238.00           208.95
                                                  11-Apr-25      22.50            14.95                      14-Oct-25      236.00           196.35
                                                  27-Feb-25      26.00            17.98                      01-Aug-25      212.00           188.64
                                                  29-Oct-24      23.00            18.57                      10-Jul-25      152.00           143.00
                                                  22-Aug-24      19.50            14.51                      02-May-25      140.00           113.83
                                                  01-Mar-24      17.50            14.10                      11-Apr-25      124.00           101.15
                                                  13-Dec-23      16.50            12.38                      13-Feb-25      185.00           204.95



                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                     40
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                             Americas Technology: Internet

                                                  Opera Ltd. (OPRA)                                     Reddit Inc. (RDDT)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)     Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                                                                        13-Jan-25      176.00           164.65
                                                                                                        30-Oct-24      105.00           116.05
                                                                                                        14-Oct-24      68.00            74.87
                                                                                                        08-Jul-24      60.00            72.81
                                                                                                        08-May-24      55.00            51.40
                                                                                                        15-Apr-24      40.00            40.00


                                                  Pinterest Inc. (PINS)                                 Snap Inc. (SNAP)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)     Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  05-May-26        28.00           22.28                07-May-26      7.00             5.98
                                                  13-Apr-26        22.00           18.02                05-Feb-26      8.00             5.12
                                                  13-Feb-26        23.00           15.42                12-Jan-26      8.50             8.19
                                                  12-Jan-26        32.00           26.82                06-Nov-25      9.50             8.01
                                                  05-Nov-25        36.00           25.75                06-Aug-25      8.50             7.78
                                                  10-Jul-25        43.00           35.80                10-Jul-25      9.00             9.34
                                                  09-May-25        42.00           29.22                30-Apr-25      8.50             7.96
                                                  11-Apr-25        40.00           26.37                11-Apr-25      9.50             7.96
                                                  07-Feb-25        47.00           40.00                30-Oct-24      13.50            12.62
                                                  08-Nov-24        42.00           29.18                02-Aug-24      12.00            9.36




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  31-Jul-24        46.00           31.95                26-Apr-24      16.00            14.55
                                                  08-Jul-24        50.00           43.44                07-Feb-24      13.50            11.41
                                                  01-May-24        44.00           40.48                10-Jan-24      15.00            17.37
                                                  09-Feb-24        41.00           36.87                26-Jul-23      7.00             10.73
                                                  10-Jan-24        42.00           37.76                17-Jul-23      8.00             13.47
                                                  31-Oct-23        33.00           29.88
                                                  17-Jul-23        32.00           29.15


                                                  Ethos Technologies Inc. (LIFE)                        Yelp Inc. (YELP)
                                                  Date of report   Target price ($) Closing price ($)   Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  07-May-26        33.00            30.59               13-Apr-26       24.00            25.78
                                                  26-Feb-26        31.00            12.28               13-Feb-26       25.00            20.98
                                                  23-Feb-26        33.00            11.00               14-Oct-25       33.00            33.70
                                                                                                        08-Aug-25       38.00            31.03
                                                                                                        09-May-25       40.00            38.98
                                                                                                        11-Apr-25       38.00            34.20




                                                                                                                                                                                            455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                                                        13-Jan-25       41.00            38.66
                                                                                                        08-Nov-24       40.00            35.93
                                                                                                        14-Oct-24       38.00            34.45
                                                                                                        09-Aug-24       46.00            33.47
                                                                                                        10-May-24       48.00            36.79
                                                                                                        16-Feb-24       49.00            38.02
                                                                                                        10-Jan-24       53.00            44.38
                                                                                                        04-Aug-23       51.00            45.28
                                                                                                        17-Jul-23       47.00            42.02


                                                  Meta Platforms Inc. (META)                            DoubleVerify Inc. (DV)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)     Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  30-Apr-26        830.00          611.91               07-May-26      12.00            10.85
                                                  13-Apr-26        840.00          634.53               07-Nov-25      10.50            9.39
                                                  29-Jan-26        835.00          738.31               14-Oct-25      13.50            11.24
                                                  30-Oct-25        815.00          666.47               06-Aug-25      18.50            15.86
                                                  14-Oct-25        870.00          708.65               12-Jun-25      17.00            14.92
                                                  31-Jul-25        830.00          773.44               09-May-25      16.00            13.34
                                                  10-Jul-25        775.00          727.24               11-Apr-25      15.50            12.57
                                                  01-May-25        690.00          572.21               28-Feb-25      20.00            13.90
                                                  11-Apr-25        685.00          543.57               07-Nov-24      24.00            19.72
                                                  30-Jan-25        765.00          687.00               14-Oct-24      25.00            17.57
                                                  13-Jan-25        688.00          608.33               31-Jul-24      28.00            21.12



                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                         41
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                        Americas Technology: Internet

                                                  Meta Platforms Inc. (META)                                     DoubleVerify Inc. (DV)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)              Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  31-Oct-24      630.00           567.58                         08-May-24      25.00            18.78
                                                  14-Oct-24      636.00           590.42                         29-Feb-24      38.00            30.89
                                                  01-Aug-24      555.00           497.74                         10-Jan-24      41.00            35.76
                                                  08-Jul-24      522.00           529.32                         10-Nov-23      37.00            30.60
                                                  25-Apr-24      500.00           441.38                         15-Sep-23      38.00            28.92
                                                  15-Apr-24      555.00           500.23                         17-Jul-23      40.00            40.10
                                                  02-Feb-24      500.00           474.99
                                                  10-Jan-24      414.00           370.47
                                                  27-Jul-23      384.00           311.71
                                                  17-Jul-23      335.00           310.62


                                                  MediaAlpha Inc. (MAX)                                          AppLovin Corp. (APP)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)              Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  01-May-26      11.00            9.10                           07-May-26      585.00           498.87
                                                  24-Feb-26      11.50            8.97                           13-Apr-26      535.00           417.45
                                                  30-Oct-25      13.50            12.23                          12-Feb-26      585.00           366.91
                                                  14-Oct-25      12.00            11.21                          12-Jan-26      710.00           658.65
                                                  07-Aug-25      14.50            11.39                          06-Nov-25      720.00           621.36
                                                  10-Jul-25      13.50            10.72                          14-Oct-25      630.00           590.03




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  11-Apr-25      12.50            7.50                           07-Aug-25      445.00           437.34
                                                  25-Feb-25      14.00            9.30                           10-Jul-25      420.00           346.32
                                                  13-Jan-25      23.00            11.21                          08-May-25      435.00           339.51
                                                  31-Oct-24      26.00            17.13                          11-Apr-25      335.00           249.95
                                                  19-Aug-24      20.00            16.89                          13-Feb-25      500.00           471.67
                                                                                                                 27-Jan-25      335.00           343.02
                                                                                                                 07-Nov-24      220.00           246.53
                                                                                                                 14-Oct-24      150.00           145.30
                                                                                                                 08-Aug-24      103.00           76.73
                                                                                                                 09-May-24      100.00           84.69
                                                                                                                 15-Feb-24      73.00            58.50
                                                                                                                 19-Jan-24      59.00            41.14
                                                                                                                 09-Nov-23      57.00            39.68
                                                                                                                 10-Aug-23      50.00            37.20


                                                  Liftoff Mobile Inc. (LFTO)




                                                                                                                                                                                                              455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  29-Jun-26      40.00            25.47


                                                  Price targets shown in table(s) are unadjusted for corporate actions.

                                                  Regulatory disclosures
                                                  Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations
                                                  See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or
                                                  co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed
                                                  public offerings in prior periods; directorships; for equity securities, market making and/or specialist role. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a
                                                  principal in debt securities (or in related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.
                                                  The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts,
                                                  professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage. Analyst
                                                  compensation: Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues. Analyst as officer
                                                  or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an
                                                  officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage. Non-U.S. Analysts: Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of
                                                  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject
                                                  company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.

                                                  Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States
                                                  The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and
                                                  regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the
                                                  Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to
                                                  it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In
                                                  producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by
                                                  the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in
                                                  part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to



                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                            42
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                         Americas Technology: Internet

                                                  the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been
                                                  prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such
                                                  advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain
                                                  Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy
                                                  Statement are available at: https://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/australia-new-zealand/index.html. Brazil: Disclosure information in relation
                                                  to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at https://www.gs.com/worldwide/brazil/area/gir/index.html. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst
                                                  primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning
                                                  of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text. Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is
                                                  not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of
                                                  securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under
                                                  applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities
                                                  and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman
                                                  Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer. Hong Kong: Further information on the
                                                  securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. India: Further information
                                                  on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research
                                                  Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate
                                                  Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of
                                                  the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies
                                                  referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or
                                                  provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact
                                                  details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link:
                                                  https://www.goldmansachs.com/worldwide/india/research-analyst. Japan: See below. Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for
                                                  “professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further
                                                  information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch. New
                                                  Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of
                                                  New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act
                                                  2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at:
                                                  https://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/australia-new-zealand/index.html. Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not
                                                  provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment
                                                  recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial
                                                  circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken
                                                  by a client or any other person based on this research report. Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is
                                                  regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters
                                                  arising from, or in connection with, this research. Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors
                                                  should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor. United Kingdom: Persons who
                                                  would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this
                                                  research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have
                                                  been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are
                                                  available from Goldman Sachs International on request.
                                                  European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
                                                  (2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is
                                                  implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European
                                                  Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment
                                                  recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of
                                                  conflicts of interest is available at https://www.gs.com/disclosures/europeanpolicy.html which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of
                                                  Interest in Connection with Investment Research.
                                                  Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69,
                                                  and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and




                                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption
                                                  tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers
                                                  Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.

                                                  Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions
                                                  Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell
                                                  on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an
                                                  Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is
                                                  deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists
                                                  and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across
                                                  their respective areas of coverage. The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or
                                                  other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.
                                                  Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or
                                                  anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total
                                                  return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.
                                                  Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at
                                                  https://www.gs.com/research/hedge.html.
                                                  Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when
                                                  Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or
                                                  policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment
                                                  rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that
                                                  has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device. Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs
                                                  Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an
                                                  investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied
                                                  upon. Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company. Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this
                                                  company.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                              43
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                               Americas Technology: Internet

                                                  Global product; distributing entities
                                                  Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based
                                                  in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities
                                                  and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs
                                                  do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or
                                                  contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil:
                                                  0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada
                                                  by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by
                                                  Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand
                                                  Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States
                                                  of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United
                                                  Kingdom.
                                                  Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority
                                                  (“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom.
                                                  European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory
                                                  Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial
                                                  Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the
                                                  European Economic Area.

                                                  General disclosures
                                                  This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we
                                                  consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and
                                                  forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as
                                                  appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority
                                                  of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment.
                                                  Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co.
                                                  LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC (https://www.sipc.org).
                                                  Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal
                                                  trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and
                                                  investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research.
                                                  The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may
                                                  discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities
                                                  discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such
                                                  trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return
                                                  potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein.
                                                  We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, and buy or sell, the
                                                  securities or derivatives, if any, referred to in this research, unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.
                                                  The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not
                                                  necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs.
                                                  Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the
                                                  products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report.
                                                  This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual
                                                  clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate,
                                                  seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate.
                                                  Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in
                                                  exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.
                                                  Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors.
                                                  Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at
                                                  https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp and https://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/cftc_fcm_disclosures. Transaction
                                                  costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be
                                                  supplied upon request.
                                                  Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global
                                                  Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your
                                                  individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g.,
                                                  marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.
                                                  As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request
                                                  that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data
                                                  feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for
                                                  equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through
                                                  electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports.
                                                  All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all
                                                  research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our
                                                  research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related
                                                  services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to https://research.gs.com.
                                                  Disclosure information is also available at https://www.gs.com/research/hedge.html or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY
                                                  10282.
                                                  © 2026 Goldman Sachs.




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                                     44
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                          Americas Technology: Internet

                                                  You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.
                                                  You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative
                                                  works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit,
                                                  or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs.
                                                  This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or
                                                  finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any
                                                  such system.




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367




                                                  7 July 2026                                                                                                                                               45
