                                                                                                                                                           Equity Research
                                                                                                                                           24 August 2026 | 2:18PM BST



                                                  Nebius Group (NBIS): Strong competitive performance and robust
                                                  pricing drive our estimates higher; Reiterate Buy

                                                                                                                                             Alexander Duval
                                                                                                                                             +44(20)7552-2995 |
                                                                                                                                             alexander.duval@gs.com
                                                                                                                                             Goldman Sachs International

                                                                                                                                             Anant Jakhar
                                                                                                                                             +1(332)245-7829 |
                                                                                                                                             anant.x.jakhar@gs.com
                                                                                                                                             Goldman Sachs India SPL
                                                  In this note, we update our estimates and 12M PT to reflect the latest commentary
                                                                                                                                             Ayo Odunaiya
                                                  on continued strong demand for Nebius’s AI Infrastructure business as well as robust       +44(20)7051-5995 |
                                                                                                                                             ayo.x.odunaiya@gs.com
                                                  pricing tailwinds from pricing trends. Key takeaways include: 1) Competitive               Goldman Sachs International
                                                  customer wins and robust pricing reinforce demand visibility, 2) Capacity build-out
                                                  accelerating, underpinned by faster power procurement, 3) Customer prepayments
                                                  and contracted backlog provide multiple financing levers, and 4) Asset-light model




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  and pricing uplift support longer-term margins. Reiterate Buy.

                                                  n   Competitive customer wins and robust pricing reinforce demand visibility:
                                                      Management indicated that 2Q revenue benefitted from higher utilisation
                                                      alongside a growing contribution from higher-margin, asset-light offerings
                                                      including Token Factory and recent acquisitions. More importantly, the company
                                                      characterised demand as exceptionally strong, reflected in four landmark
                                                      billion-dollar contracts secured during the quarter, all of which were competitive
                                                      wins - i.e., customers already had incumbent suppliers but selected Nebius for
                                                      additional next-gen requirements. Deals closed in 2Q at >$20m/MW and
                                                      sub-two-year payback periods are expected to begin contributing from late 4Q,
                                                      providing a reference point for pricing into early 2027. Moreover, commercial
                                                      terms also remain firm, with Nebius negotiating shorter-duration capacity




                                                                                                                                                                             455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                      agreements of up to six months in the $40-50mn per MW range which should
                                                      serve as a meaningful topline contributor in 2027 and beyond.
                                                  n   Capacity build-out accelerating, underpinned by faster power procurement:
                                                      Capacity deployed late in 2Q is expected to begin contributing to revenue in 3Q,
                                                      while existing customer commitments and capital investments provide visibility
                                                      into the 2026 build-out and support preparations for materially higher
                                                      deployment in 2027. Importantly, Nebius is deliberately retaining some 2027
                                                      capacity rather than contracting it today, reflecting management’s confidence in
                                                      future pricing. Execution on infrastructure remains on track, with construction of
                                                      the Vineland, New Jersey building completed earlier this summer and
                                                      engineering fit-out progressing. Furthermore, the switch to Bloom fuel cells is




                                                  Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors
                                                  should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report.
                                                  Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC
                                                  certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to
                                                  www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research
                                                  analysts with FINRA in the U.S.
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                            Nebius Group (NBIS)

                                                                       expected to enhance the project from a community perspective, providing reliable
                                                                       power with low-emissions, allowing Nebius to unlock and expedite future site
                                                                       development. Management noted that significantly more capacity is expected to be
                                                                       deployed in 2027 than in 2026, with the company securing access to hundreds of
                                                                       MWs of behind-the-meter power generation. As such, Nebius upgraded its target to
                                                                       have 5GW (vs >4GW prior) of contracted power by FY26, given it continues to secure
                                                                       power faster than expectations. Additionally, we highlight that Nebius now aims to
                                                                       deploy >1GW of capacity per year going forward based on the strong execution in
                                                                       recent quarters. Finally, the company is adding Arm and CPU deployments alongside
                                                                       the GPU fleet to address new agentic workload requirements, which we view as
                                                                       additive to the company’s competitive offering.
                                                                   n   Customer prepayments and contracted backlog provide multiple financing
                                                                       levers: Nebius highlighted multiple sources of capital available to fund its growth,
                                                                       beginning with operating cash flow, which is already positive and expected to
                                                                       increase as the business scales. Customer prepayments are an increasingly
                                                                       important component, with terms on 2Q contracts covering c.50-60% of associated




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                       capex and management targeting further improvement. We note that c.70% of deals
                                                                       closed in 2Q included upfront payments, resulting in >$9bn of upfront funding for
                                                                       2026. Long-term contracts with investment-grade customers also provide a base for
                                                                       asset-backed financing, with c.$40bn of committed backlog available to borrow
                                                                       against. In July, Nebius secured its first $775mn asset-backed debt facility, backed
                                                                       by contracted cash flows and priced at a MSD% rate, with management seeing scope
                                                                       to replicate this structure across additional customer commitments. Beyond this, we
                                                                       see corporate debt and equity-linked financing as sources of further funding levers
                                                                       should they be required.
                                                                   n   Asset-light model and pricing uplift support longer-term margins: Higher
                                                                       utilisation continues to benefit profitability, supported by improving infrastructure
                                                                       efficiency and strong demand, with capacity effectively selling out as it comes online.




                                                                                                                                                                  455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                       Looking ahead, higher-value cloud services, including inference and agentic
                                                                       solutions, are expected to represent an increasing share of revenue, serving as
                                                                       margin accretive to the group. Nebius’s new asset-light partnership model that was
                                                                       recently introduced involves partners financing, building and operating the
                                                                       infrastructure while Nebius provides its full-stack platform and customer demand,
                                                                       enabling high-margin revenue generation with limited balance-sheet capital.
                                                                       Importantly, the majority of contracts provide flexibility to allocate workloads across
                                                                       capacity within a region, reducing reliance on individual sites and supporting
                                                                       utilisation. Pricing also remains constructive, with a recent capacity auction clearing
                                                                       15% above the previous peak price for Blackwell GPUs. Longer term, management
                                                                       expects capacity coming online at Nebius-owned datacentres to begin contributing
                                                                       to margin improvement from 2H27, providing an additional lever alongside
                                                                       utilisation, pricing and mix.


                                                                   Changes to estimates
                                                                   We keep our FY26 revenue estimate unchanged but increase topline by 2-3% across
                                                                   2027-30 to reflect our continued constructive view on the company’s core AI business


                                                  24 August 2026                                                                                              2
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                         Nebius Group (NBIS)

                                                                   underpinned by strong customer traction, robust pricing and improving contract
                                                                   economics (with increasing instances’ customer prepayments). Further, our gross profit
                                                                   estimates for FY26-30 are 1-3% higher due to changes to topline and our assumptions
                                                                   on revenue mix. Additionally, our adj. EBIT estimate changes between -1% to +8% across
                                                                   FY26-30 to reflect our latest revenue, GM and opex assumptions. Finally, our EBITDA
                                                                   estimates change between 1% to 3% across our forecast period, reflecting changes to
                                                                   EBIT, SBC and D&A assumptions.


                                                                   Valuation and key risks
                                                                   We are Buy rated on Nebius with a 12-month price target of $328 (vs $286 prior) based
                                                                   on a 7x 2HCY27+1HCY28E (vs 9x CY27E prior) EV/Sales multiple applied to our higher
                                                                   sales estimates. We update our valuation multiple to reflect a roll forward of our
                                                                   valuation period. Key risks to our view and price target include competitive pressure
                                                                   from Hyperscalers, slower-than-expected adoption of AI and reduced visibility from
                                                                   shorter-term contracts.




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                                       NBIS                12m Price Target: $328.00                   Price: $219.13                Upside: 49.7%



                                                                    Buy                                   GS Forecast
                                                                                                                                              12/25     12/26E        12/27E      12/28E
                                                                                 Market cap: $61.4bn      Revenue ($ mn) New                   529.8    3,585.3      13,919.4    24,957.5
                                                                             Enterprise value: $78.2bn    Revenue ($ mn) Old                   529.8    3,585.7      13,710.5    24,472.4
                                                                                      3m ADTV: $4.8bn     EBIT ($ mn)                        (596.3)    (3,547.7)    (1,488.8)    4,529.8
                                                                                            Netherlands   EPS ($) New                          0.41      (11.01)      (10.29)        7.92
                                                                            European Semiconductors,      EPS ($) Old                           0.41      (10.31)      (10.06)       6.04
                                                                           Hardware and Gaming Tech       EV/sales (X)                         30.4         21.8           6.9        3.7
                                                                                          M&A Rank: 3     EV/EBITDA (X)                         NM           45.7          9.5        4.9
                                                                        Leases incl. in net debt & EV?:
                                                                                                          P/E (X)                             146.7         NM           NM         27.7
                                                                                                    Yes
                                                                                                          Org. sales grth (%)                     --          --           --          --


                                                                                                                                               6/26       9/26E       12/26E      3/27E
                                                                                                          EPS ($)                             (0.68)       (5.88)       (6.66)     (2.10)




                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                                   Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates, FactSet. Price as of 21 Aug 2026 close.




                                                  24 August 2026                                                                                                                            3
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                        Nebius Group (NBIS)


                                                  Disclosure Appendix

                                                  Reg AC
                                                  We, Alexander Duval, Anant Jakhar and Ayo Odunaiya, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views
                                                  about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or
                                                  indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.
                                                  Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division.
                                                  Contributing Authors: Alexander Duval Goldman Sachs International, Anant Jakhar Goldman Sachs India SPL, Ayo Odunaiya Goldman Sachs
                                                  International.
                                                  Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment
                                                  Research division.

                                                  GS Factor Profile
                                                  The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks)
                                                  and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth,
                                                  Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The
                                                  normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may
                                                  vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows:
                                                  Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a
                                                  higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial
                                                  stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B,
                                                  price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns
                                                  percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile).
                                                  Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs
                                                  for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics).
                                                  For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.

                                                  M&A Rank
                                                  Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary
                                                  across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring
                                                  companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2
                                                  representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard
                                                  departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not
                                                  factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research.

                                                  Quantum
                                                  Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for
                                                  in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.

                                                  Disclosures
                                                  The rating(s) for Nebius Group is/are relative to the other companies in its/their coverage universe: ASM International, ASML Holding, BE




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  Semiconductor Industries, CD Projekt, Ericsson, Infineon, Logitech, Nebius Group, Nokia, STMicroelectronics, Stillfront, Technoprobe S.p.A.

                                                  Company-specific regulatory disclosures
                                                  The following disclosures relate to relationships between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Goldman Sachs”) and companies covered
                                                  by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research and referred to in this research.
                                                  Goldman Sachs is acting as a manager or co-manager of a pending underwriting: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs beneficially owned 5% or more of common equity (excluding positions managed by affiliates and business units not required to be
                                                  aggregated under US securities law) as of the month end preceding this report: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs has received compensation for investment banking services in the past 12 months: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3 months: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs has received compensation for non-investment banking services during the past 12 months: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs had an investment banking services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs had a non-investment banking securities-related services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs had a non-securities services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs has managed or co-managed a public or Rule 144A offering in the past 12 months: Nebius Group ($219.13)
                                                  Goldman Sachs is a registered market maker in the securities or derivatives thereof: Nebius Group ($219.13)

                                                  Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships
                                                  Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe




                                                  24 August 2026                                                                                                                                               4
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                    Nebius Group (NBIS)

                                                                                   Rating Distribution                              Investment Banking Relationships
                                                                          Buy              Hold             Sell                  Buy              Hold             Sell
                                                  Global                  50%              34%              16%                   65%              59%              43%


                                                  As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys
                                                  and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the
                                                  purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking
                                                  Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment
                                                  banking services within the previous twelve months.

                                                  Price target and rating history chart(s)




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  Target price history table(s)
                                                  Nebius Group (NBIS)
                                                  Date of report Target price ($) Closing price ($)
                                                  29-Jun-26      286.00           261.15
                                                  10-Jun-26      267.00           211.69
                                                  15-May-26      234.00           219.94
                                                  13-Apr-26      205.00           154.56
                                                  15-Feb-26      160.00           98.01
                                                  14-Nov-25      155.00           83.54
                                                  08-Oct-25      137.00           122.00




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  17-Sep-25      120.00           94.08
                                                  08-Aug-25      77.00            68.78
                                                  13-Jul-25      68.00            44.30


                                                  Price targets shown in table(s) are unadjusted for corporate actions.

                                                  Regulatory disclosures
                                                  Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations
                                                  See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or
                                                  co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed
                                                  public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in
                                                  related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.
                                                  The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts,
                                                  professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage. Analyst
                                                  compensation: Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues. Analyst as officer
                                                  or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an
                                                  officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage. Non-U.S. Analysts: Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of
                                                  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject
                                                  company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.

                                                  Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States
                                                  The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and
                                                  regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the
                                                  Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to
                                                  it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In
                                                  producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by



                                                  24 August 2026                                                                                                                                              5
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                       Nebius Group (NBIS)

                                                  the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in
                                                  part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to
                                                  the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been
                                                  prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such
                                                  advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain
                                                  Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy
                                                  Statement are available at: https://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/australia-new-zealand/index.html. Brazil: Disclosure information in relation
                                                  to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at https://www.gs.com/worldwide/brazil/area/gir/index.html. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst
                                                  primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning
                                                  of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text. Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is
                                                  not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of
                                                  securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under
                                                  applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities
                                                  and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman
                                                  Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer. Hong Kong: Further information on the
                                                  securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. India: Further information
                                                  on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research
                                                  Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate
                                                  Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of
                                                  the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies
                                                  referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or
                                                  provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact
                                                  details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link:
                                                  https://www.goldmansachs.com/worldwide/india/research-analyst. Japan: See below. Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for
                                                  “professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further
                                                  information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch. New
                                                  Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of
                                                  New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at:
                                                  https://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/australia-new-zealand/index.html. Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not
                                                  advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not
                                                  provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment
                                                  recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial
                                                  circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken
                                                  by a client or any other person based on this research report. Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is
                                                  regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters
                                                  arising from, or in connection with, this research. Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors
                                                  should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor. United Kingdom: Persons who
                                                  would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this
                                                  research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have
                                                  been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are
                                                  available from Goldman Sachs International on request.
                                                  European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
                                                  (2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is
                                                  implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European
                                                  Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment
                                                  recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of
                                                  conflicts of interest is available at https://www.gs.com/disclosures/europeanpolicy.html which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of
                                                  Interest in Connection with Investment Research.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69,
                                                  and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and
                                                  Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption
                                                  tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers
                                                  Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.

                                                  Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions
                                                  Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell
                                                  on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an
                                                  Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is
                                                  deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists
                                                  and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across
                                                  their respective areas of coverage. The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or
                                                  other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.
                                                  Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or
                                                  anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total
                                                  return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.
                                                  Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at
                                                  https://www.gs.com/research/hedge.html.
                                                  Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when
                                                  Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or
                                                  policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment
                                                  rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that
                                                  has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device. Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs
                                                  Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an
                                                  investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied
                                                  upon. Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company. Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this



                                                  24 August 2026                                                                                                                                            6
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                            Nebius Group (NBIS)

                                                  company.

                                                  Global product; distributing entities
                                                  Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based
                                                  in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities
                                                  and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs
                                                  do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or
                                                  contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil:
                                                  0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada
                                                  by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by
                                                  Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand
                                                  Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States
                                                  of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United
                                                  Kingdom.
                                                  Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority
                                                  (“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom.
                                                  European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory
                                                  Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial
                                                  Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the
                                                  European Economic Area.

                                                  General disclosures
                                                  This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we
                                                  consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and
                                                  forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as
                                                  appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM
                                                  of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment.
                                                  Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment
                                                  banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co.
                                                  LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC (https://www.sipc.org).
                                                  Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal
                                                  trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and
                                                  investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research.
                                                  The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may
                                                  discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities
                                                  discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such
                                                  trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return
                                                  potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein.
                                                  We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as
                                                  liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial
                                                  instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.
                                                  The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not
                                                  necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs.
                                                  Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367
                                                  products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report.
                                                  This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal.
                                                  It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual
                                                  clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate,
                                                  seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate.
                                                  Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in
                                                  exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.
                                                  Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors.
                                                  Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at
                                                  https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp and https://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/cftc_fcm_disclosures. Transaction
                                                  costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be
                                                  supplied upon request.
                                                  Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global
                                                  Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your
                                                  individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g.,
                                                  marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.
                                                  As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request
                                                  that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data
                                                  feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for
                                                  equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through
                                                  electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports.
                                                  All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all
                                                  research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our
                                                  research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related
                                                  services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to https://research.gs.com.
                                                  Disclosure information is also available at https://www.gs.com/research/hedge.html or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY



                                                  24 August 2026                                                                                                                                                   7
                                                  Goldman Sachs                                                                                                                       Nebius Group (NBIS)

                                                  10282.
                                                  © 2026 Goldman Sachs.
                                                  You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.
                                                  You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative
                                                  works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit,
                                                  or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs.
                                                  This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or
                                                  finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any
                                                  such system.




For the exclusive use of JTWANG@BOYUCAPITAL.COM




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 455849510b1242a59217c821d3d1e367




                                                  24 August 2026                                                                                                                                             8
